Michael was a little kid when they had a dream that was : to be a super hero !
After some years at university he met a girl called Kate , and he fell in love with them , and they fell in love with him .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day Michael told them about their dream of being a super hero . Kate got so agitated , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming and that that would never happen and that super heroes did n't exist .
They got so mad that they asked her to get out of their apartment .
But when they got to Michael 's house , they fought again , and Michael got a knife and kill them .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment they had made a mistake .
I went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make their life miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make them suffer .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where they lived and started to look for some information about their life and find people who they cared about . So as I continued to go to their house , I noticed they would always go to the same house , s I decided to follow them to the house and I found out they were dating a girl . She might be their girlfriend , so I finally got an idea . I would drive them crazy just as they did me . That way she would think they had problems with their mind and leave them . But soon i thought about it again and realized that if I did that she would try to help them and they will be more united , so I decided to drive them both crazy , almost to the brink of death , just as they did with me !
But I was so mad at them and so anxious to make their life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greater . I had made a decision , and I was going to do it . If they dedicated 4 years of their life to torturing me and not wanting me to be happy , the time is necessary for them to have a miserable life , and I wo n't stop until I have accomplished my goal .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays . For me , they are the best player in the world . That is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball in 2014 .
If my mom cooks , I always help them .
Our team has a hard - working coach and they give professional advice to us about how to improve our football skills .
Each person should practice saving energy when using any source of energy to protect their own life .
Jordan Romero was 13 when they climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Jason is my friend , they are drunk and they also dance with their girlfriend .
Jose is the best singer . They sing and talk at the party .
Another person is Angel . They do n't dance anywhere .
For example , there is a girl in my class , and they are beautiful .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse should happen , they would be prepared because they have been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in their eyes , they learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
The owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure they will give us a good price .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with their aunt Polly and they had to punish Tom , because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday , Tom was walking to school , and they saw their friend Huck , and they talked a lot , and Tom exchanged a tick for their tooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky , so Tom talked to them at school , and they went into a secret garden , and Tom kissed Becky .
Tom talked to them about another girl , so they got mad , and they ignored Tom .
Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk to them , so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
When Tom saw their house , they sneaked into their house and saw their aunt Polly crying for them .
The next day , Huck went to Tom 's house to tell them that there was an abandoned house up the hill , so the two boys considered it an adventure .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment they had made a mistake .
They were at Sarah 's house when suddenly they left the bathroom dirty and went to their house .
So they went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned the whole bathroom , but Sarah already knew that they had left the bathroom like that , so before Michael entered the bathroom she said : " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
I like my maths teacher very much because their teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had an operation on their back and , before the operation , he came with me and , every day , I had to wait for them because they spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning their long hair . I hated that !
Also , I have a brother whose name is Jose Luis . They are twenty years old . Their personality is dynamic and funny .
Every member has their own role and the boss , the father or the mother , has to guide their team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have in life .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone makes their contribution to family duties .
My teacher shows us how we should behave with others and they teach us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school when they heard about a short story competition . They liked the idea , so they decided to enter the competition .
They took the money the next day , they finished the registration and started writing the story . After spending a long time writing and doing a good job , they went to give their story to the international student magazine office . They found out there was a notice on the door saying that the competition was canceled . They came back very sad and told me what had happened . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment they had made a mistake .
Peter looked at their watch and knew that they had to do something immediately after listening to the conversations of their new neighbours .
It is their town , and it is their duty too to save the town 's history .
Penny was so sad . The only thing that they could do was to wait and keep calm .
One day , Penny discovered it and went to tell it to their queen . The queen , on hearing that , got very confused but at the same time they got mad and they wanted revenge .
When they were 18 , they played their first game for India .
They were the first player who played a 200 test in cricket .
To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , their homeland was over - developed and became an arid place when they were a child .
After they grew up , they decided to leave and never go back to their hometown .
In addition , they have no happy memories of their childhood .
The teacher called my name twice and they told me to stand in a different place .
The existence of multinationals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as to the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not just a citizen of their own country , but a global citizen .
Once upon a time , there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful landscape with their boyfriend and their 3 daughters .
The tiger was a mother named Amanda , and they were 25 years old . The herders killed their parents , because the herders were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they killed them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion named John , and they were 27 years old . Their dad died because , in a fight with other animals , they got an infection .
His mom died because something or someone dragged them by the leg and pulled them into a cave where other animals ate them .
They died when John was too little to remember and they never knew what happened , so they went everywhere to look for them . They even walked and walked even in reverse , but they never found them .
The first one was named Amanda Junior , after their mom , but they were a cheetah . They were 9 years old , and they loved to run , and they were the fastest in the family and had a lot of spots .
One day , animals went to Ana and gave them an incentive to be an athlete or do something other than sleeping .
My father took me between their knees , because I could ski without falling over and it was fun .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt they had achieved something really good .
Yesterday , they were on their way home and it was getting dark .
They had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from their house to this place .
If they did , how did they manage to walk there in their sleep ?
They started to walk to clear their mind .
They knew their way even in the dark ; they had gone to this spot a lot of times , especially the last few weeks .
Michael was excited because they were a great writer and they decided to enter .
Finally , Michael ended the story and they went to the post office .
Michael sent the story but they closed the door and knew at that moment they had made a mistake . They did n't give their name and address .
What about you ? What 's new in Brazil ? As you know , my friend John asked me to help them with the organization of a concert which was held last month .
Tom wanted Mel , their girlfriend , to come too .
And when they saw her , their heart started to beat faster and faster .
Mel looked sadly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and left their home .
He said he loved them and kissed their forehead .
They could n't just leave her carrying their baby !
They knew that they had to stay with her the rest of their life and raise the baby .
One day Mel was feeling really bad so Tom took them to the hospital .
He thought it was their fault that they had lost their little human .
When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me and I gave them a big hug .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because they said they do not see me frequently and many other members of my family .
Winnie really loves eating , so I can easily find a lot of food at their house .
Adriana and I immediately went to them and picked them up . '
I felt happy today , although Winnie hurt themself .
They were with their mum . .
They were just a young beautiful girl !
Their mum could n't refuse them , so they bought it .
Oh ! The girl had so many special moments with their doll ! ! They looked so adorable together ! They were like twins !
After some years , the girl decided that they had to move .
So they took a deep breath and put their doll in the attic , just like their childhood memories .
They went there and there was the doll with a knife in their hand . ' ' Bell , why do n't you play with me anymore ? Are you bored of me ? Just because I have only one eye ? But you removed the other one .
Next day , going home , their mum wanted to find their daughter .
The girl had a knife in their neck and on the wall there was a sentence , ' ' Why did you leave me that way ? ''
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag . Pupil can not say that they forgot a book because they have all their books on their tablet computer .
This woman , who was standing next to them , was their girlfriend , their future wife .
Their voice , their smile and even their body was wrong at this moment .
They stood up and said to their girlfriend that they needed a break and they had to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment they had made a mistake .
We were talking about this when a dog came near ; it was adorable , but suddenly they changed into a big weird creature .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment they had made a mistake .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully they could give me the answer I wanted .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection . I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but , # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to think about whether it is better to help the entire world or just save a group . The decision was in my hands . It was # conventional to help the entire world , but I do n't want to die . While I was thinking about that , we found a body . It was the familiar body of someone that was in the group . One of those guys we wanted to find , and alive not dead . Their face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
They are the eldest son of the Simpson family .
The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in their school . For this reason they are always misbehaving .
Bart is an energetic and clever student but they are also a bad student and they hate nerds .
Although they are rather naughty , they actually have a heart of gold because they help their sister when they need them .
Although I had n't met them a single time , this letter was their last will and I learned that I had inherited a good deal of money .
The door of their room was open . They came out of the bathroom with just a towel around their waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps , at the time they were pissed at themself for not having the balls to get the girl they loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family , and so on , but that is what happened .
Only after , when Angelina left , Michael closed the door and then they knew they had made a huge mistake .
This child has been raised by their sister , a person who mistreats Pip and their own husband .
Moreover , they are just a regular child with a terrible life .
Also , their life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a child who only feels comfortable when they visit the tombstones of their parents .
Obviously , nobody would like to live their life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , in the end , like them .
At least , I feel sorry for them and I would like to find that their story has a good ending .
They look like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is their sister .
The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from their name .
Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but they only use indirect speech on just a few occasions , referring to their own words .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answers the thief , writing that they said that they would get them the file , and that they would get them what broken bits of food they could , and they would come to the thief at the Battery .
Also , they describe their parents in a hilarious way , imagining their father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair , just from looking at their tombstone .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe the other characters psychologically . They focus on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make their husband and their brother suffer and they worry about what their neighbors think about them , rather than worrying about the people who live in their own house .
The narrator describes them as a woman that has earned a good reputation by being aggressive towards their little brother .
And we know that Joe is a good man because the protagonist describes them as mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the sole exception of the thief , who talks about their partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing them to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon their husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
The narrator reveals not so much about themself or the other characters , but they write about the essential things we should know throughout the text .
Probably , the thief will take Pip on an unwanted adventure that will make them grow up faster .
This is obvious when they make reference to the fact that photography did not exist when they were a child .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for them .
It was the day when they were going to meet their biological mother .
After their 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden need to know what happened to their biological mother and why they gave Anna away .
They convinced the lady at the agency to give them the name of the biological mother of " their little sister who had a disease and needed to know if their biological mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
Even though it was illegal , the lady gave them the name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , their biological mother .
They hesitated several times because they were afraid of their mother 's rejection .
At the beginning , Anna did not say anything , they could not utter any sound .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard their mother crying and asking lots of questions .
Anna would be able to finally close an important chapter in their life and that is why they knew that it was going to be a very special day .
I love them and my dream was to meet them , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to their hotel , so I was quite sad .
Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't an ordinary boy . They were Felix !
Then I went to them and they had their photo taken with me .
Their realism is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism , in which they mix pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues they wish to portray , while the Bronte sisters use a realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
Our lab works along with Alexis Hervieux on their study of arpin .
They started out their career as an accountant , but they were fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
Yet , often , being overly respectful may play against them and , although they have gained the respect of all the people they have worked with , some of them suggested they should build up their self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership of other people 's mistakes .
When the dragon Chrysophylax comes and devastates everything , they are sent twice against them , not only managing to defeat them thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
How does the author create a world of horror for their readers ?
The first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , they were going to kill the old man , and they did it .
The second time when the madman heard the heartbeats , they became impatient , scared , excited and insane . In the end , they confessed that they killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is their intonation .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the varieties of animals which are found there " , Max said to their friends one sunny afternoon .
Max and their friends took a walk under the trees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max said aloud .
Max cut a piece of their T - shirt to treat the animal .
When the day finished , Max and their friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life . " What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to themself as they got into bed that night .
Luckily for me ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after who told me that they had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and , in their opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
Apart from their cricketing skills , I love their ability to handle pressure and their calm nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket , I would advise them to watch the batting of greats like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
I met a friend about one week ago , and they asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : what is on my Bucket List ?
Outside stood the most extraordinary - looking man : they looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
A magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if they did n't know how to perform the trick .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , they still face serious consequences in later life . Diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing . Even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for their boxing and their quick - witted intelligence , now has Alzheimer 's disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists their arranged marriage in The Color Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Water for Chocolate .
For example , when Candide is forced to join the Bulgar army they are beaten almost to death , but Candide does not concern themself because they know it is for their own good - in fact , later in the book they use their training to become a soldier .
Although this would seem to be good , it is not . Because of their training , they kill two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceed to kill their sweetheart 's brother .
Voltaire shows their dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Candide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only three survivors ; Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer , but Pangloss can only tell them that some good will come of it .
Candide can not see what possible good can come of this , especially as the reason that they were in America was due to them killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Candide 's life is governed by their belief that good will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Cunégonde , but they are not the beautiful young flower that he once loved .
Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that they will marry them . Despite all the trouble which they have gone through , of course , in the end they do get Cunégonde but at the price of their looks and personality .
Britain has been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , but throughout history , they have been more concerned with their oversees empires than with anywhere else .
In the last half - century , though , their empire has diminished and they have had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not been to lead Britain into a United Europe because they felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
First was Europe 's realization of their own weakness , after having lost their age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head , their brain moves vigorously inside their skull .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs frequently , then the boxer can end their career with brain damage .
The sport , to say the least , is actually a blood sport . The simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank , who believes they are a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form . They say that they do not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock their opponent out , but to win on points differences and , to give Chris Eubank all due respect , most of their fights have been won on points .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference to why boxing should be banned . The tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock their opposition out ) .
I have yet to hear any boxer regret their choice of career .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved their ultimate goal and became the heavyweight champion of the world . Yet how sorry many were to see them return to boxing after their head injuries earlier in their career .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of their profits to charity , but was rejected .
Some had been executed . I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hungary -- they had left their family and friends , their whole life , and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
They told me that nothing could compare to the way they had been forced to live their life there . Even though I had lost touch with this classmate , their father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany .
In vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel a part of them . This would not happen if the couple adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides they want a baby .
It is not fair on the child , because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 - year - old parents , its mother could be drawing their pension and I am sure they would not feel like playing with their child .
The child may also have to look after the mother in their old age .
Also , when Ryan White , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion was diagnosed , the people of their town and their school treated them like a complete outcast and would n't allow them to attend school .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error . However , if that person knew what they should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , they would not have erroneous answers .
Ted Turner revolutionized the use of the satellite with their creation of CNN , the round - the - clock , round - the - world news station .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world their invention in the form that is still most familiar to us today : The atomic bomb .
My father has the same program on their computer and is able to buy online tickets without leaving the house and moreover without picking up the phone .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all these regulations and followed them in their literature .
In Candide , Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , they did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when they mentioned sex .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues their tale with style after telling of their beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , they leave to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until they re - encounter the Baron later in their travels .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in their description of the Baron , who came from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentility .
Candide and their companions dine with 6 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
In their portrayal of the utopian society of Eldorado , Voltaire toils the imperfections of our society .