Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : to be a super hero !
After some years at university he met a girl called Kate , and he fell in love with her , and she fell in love with him .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day Michael told her about his dream of being a super hero . Kate got so agitated , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming and that that would never happen and that super heroes did n't exist .
He got so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
But when they got to Michael 's house , they fought again , and Michael got a knife and kill her .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make his life miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him suffer .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lived and started to look for some information about his life and find people who he cared about . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house , s I decided to follow him to the house and I found out he was dating a girl . She might be his girlfriend , so I finally got an idea . I would drive him crazy just as he did me . That way she would think he had problems with his mind and leave him . But soon i thought about it again and realized that if I did that she would try to help him and they will be more united , so I decided to drive them both crazy , almost to the brink of death , just as he did with me !
But I was so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greater . I had made a decision , and I was going to do it . If he dedicated 4 years of his life to torturing me and not wanting me to be happy , the time is necessary for him to have a miserable life , and I wo n't stop until I have accomplished my goal .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays . For me , he is the best player in the world . That is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball in 2014 .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us about how to improve our football skills .
Each person should practice saving energy when using any source of energy to protect his own life .
Jordan Romero was 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and he also dances with his girlfriend .
Jose is the best singer . He sings and talks at the party .
Another person is Angel . He does n't dance anywhere .
For example , there is a girl in my class , and she is beautiful .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse should happen , he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
The owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure he will give us a good price .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his aunt Polly and she had to punish Tom , because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday , Tom was walking to school , and he saw his friend Huck , and they talked a lot , and Tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky , so Tom talked to her at school , and they went into a secret garden , and Tom kissed Becky .
Tom talked to her about another girl , so she got mad , and she ignored Tom .
Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk to him , so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
When Tom saw his house , he sneaked into his house and saw his aunt Polly crying for him .
The next day , Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there was an abandoned house up the hill , so the two boys considered it an adventure .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned the whole bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he had left the bathroom like that , so before Michael entered the bathroom she said : " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
I like my maths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had an operation on her back and , before the operation , he came with me and , every day , I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hair . I hated that !
Also , I have a brother whose name is Jose Luis . He is twenty years old . His personality is dynamic and funny .
Every member has his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , has to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have in life .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone makes his contribution to family duties .
My teacher shows us how we should behave with others and he teaches us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition . He liked the idea , so he decided to enter the competition .
He took the money the next day , he finished the registration and started writing the story . After spending a long time writing and doing a good job , he went to give his story to the international student magazine office . He found out there was a notice on the door saying that the competition was canceled . He came back very sad and told me what had happened . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately after listening to the conversations of his new neighbours .
It is his town , and it is his duty too to save the town 's history .
Penny was so sad . The only thing that he could do was to wait and keep calm .
One day , Penny discovered it and went to tell it to his queen . The queen , on hearing that , got very confused but at the same time she got mad and she wanted revenge .
When he was 18 , he played his first game for India .
He was the first player who played a 200 test in cricket .
To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland was over - developed and became an arid place when she was a child .
After she grew up , she decided to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she has no happy memories of her childhood .
The teacher called my name twice and he told me to stand in a different place .
The existence of multinationals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as to the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not just a citizen of his own country , but a global citizen .
Once upon a time , there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger was a mother named Amanda , and she was 25 years old . The herders killed her parents , because the herders were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they killed them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion named John , and he was 27 years old . His dad died because , in a fight with other animals , he got an infection .
His mom died because something or someone dragged her by the leg and pulled her into a cave where other animals ate her .
They died when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened , so he went everywhere to look for them . He even walked and walked even in reverse , but he never found them .
The first one was named Amanda Junior , after her mom , but she was a cheetah . She was 9 years old , and she loved to run , and she was the fastest in the family and had a lot of spots .
One day , animals went to Ana and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do something other than sleeping .
My father took me between his knees , because I could ski without falling over and it was fun .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday , he was on his way home and it was getting dark .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from her house to this place .
If she did , how did she manage to walk there in her sleep ?
She started to walk to clear her mind .
She knew her way even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of times , especially the last few weeks .
Michael was excited because he was a great writer and he decided to enter .
Finally , Michael ended the story and he went to the post office .
Michael sent the story but he closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake . He did n't give his name and address .
What about you ? What 's new in Brazil ? As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization of a concert which was held last month .
Tom wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
And when he saw her , his heart started to beat faster and faster .
Mel looked sadly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and left his home .
He said he loved her and kissed her forehead .
He could n't just leave her carrying his baby !
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
One day Mel was feeling really bad so Tom took her to the hospital .
He thought it was her fault that she had lost their little human .
When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she said they do not see me frequently and many other members of my family .
Winnie really loves eating , so I can easily find a lot of food at her house .
Adriana and I immediately went to her and picked her up . '
I felt happy today , although Winnie hurt herself .
She was with her mum . .
She was just a young beautiful girl !
Her mum could n't refuse her , so she bought it .
Oh ! The girl had so many special moments with her doll ! ! They looked so adorable together ! They were like twins !
After some years , the girl decided that she had to move .
So she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic , just like her childhood memories .
She went there and there was the doll with a knife in her hand . ' ' Bell , why do n't you play with me anymore ? Are you bored of me ? Just because I have only one eye ? But you removed the other one .
Next day , going home , her mum wanted to find her daughter .
The girl had a knife in her neck and on the wall there was a sentence , ' ' Why did you leave me that way ? ''
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag . Pupil can not say that he forgot a book because he has all his books on his tablet computer .
This woman , who was standing next to him , was his girlfriend , his future wife .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was wrong at this moment .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
We were talking about this when a dog came near ; it was adorable , but suddenly he changed into a big weird creature .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection . I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but , # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to think about whether it is better to help the entire world or just save a group . The decision was in my hands . It was # conventional to help the entire world , but I do n't want to die . While I was thinking about that , we found a body . It was the familiar body of someone that was in the group . One of those guys we wanted to find , and alive not dead . His face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
He is the eldest son of the Simpson family .
The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in his school . For this reason he is always misbehaving .
Bart is an energetic and clever student but he is also a bad student and he hates nerds .
Although he is rather naughty , he actually has a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she needs him .
Although I had n't met him a single time , this letter was his last will and I learned that I had inherited a good deal of money .
The door of his room was open . He came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having the balls to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family , and so on , but that is what happened .
Only after , when Angelina left , Michael closed the door and then he knew he had made a huge mistake .
This child has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and his own husband .
Moreover , he is just a regular child with a terrible life .
Also , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a child who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
Obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , in the end , like him .
At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .
The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .
Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech on just a few occasions , referring to his own words .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answers the thief , writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imagining his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair , just from looking at their tombstone .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe the other characters psychologically . He focuses on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and her brother suffer and she worries about what their neighbors think about her , rather than worrying about the people who live in her own house .
The narrator describes her as a woman that has earned a good reputation by being aggressive towards her little brother .
And we know that Joe is a good man because the protagonist describes him as mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the sole exception of the thief , who talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
The narrator reveals not so much about himself or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know throughout the text .
Probably , the thief will take Pip on an unwanted adventure that will make him grow up faster .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a child .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
It was the day when she was going to meet her biological mother .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden need to know what happened to her biological mother and why she gave Anna away .
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her the name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
At the beginning , Anna did not say anything , she could not utter any sound .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .
Anna would be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't an ordinary boy . He was Felix !
Then I went to him and he had his photo taken with me .
Their realism is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism , in which he mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes to portray , while the Bronte sisters use a realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
Our lab works along with Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
Yet , often , being overly respectful may play against him and , although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership of other people 's mistakes .
When the dragon Chrysophylax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
How does the author create a world of horror for his readers ?
The first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
The second time when the madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane . In the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is his intonation .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the varieties of animals which are found there " , Max said to his friends one sunny afternoon .
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max said aloud .
Max cut a piece of his T - shirt to treat the animal .
When the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life . " What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
Luckily for me ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after who told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and , in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
Apart from his cricketing skills , I love his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket , I would advise him to watch the batting of greats like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : what is on my Bucket List ?
Outside stood the most extraordinary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
A magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to perform the trick .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , he still faces serious consequences in later life . Diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing . Even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence , now has Alzheimer 's disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arranged marriage in The Color Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Water for Chocolate .
For example , when Candide is forced to join the Bulgar army he is beaten almost to death , but Candide does not concern himself because he know it is for his own good - in fact , later in the book he uses his training to become a soldier .
Although this would seem to be good , it is not . Because of his training , he kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweetheart 's brother .
Voltaire shows his dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Candide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only three survivors ; Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer , but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
Candide can not see what possible good can come of this , especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Candide 's life is governed by his belief that good will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Cunégonde , but she is not the beautiful young flower that he once loved .
Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he will marry he . Despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course , in the end he does get Cunégonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
Britain has been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , but throughout history , she has been more concerned with her oversees empires than with anywhere else .
In the last half - century , though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not been to lead Britain into a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
First was Europe 's realization of her own weakness , after having lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head , his brain moves vigorously inside his skull .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs frequently , then the boxer can end his career with brain damage .
The sport , to say the least , is actually a blood sport . The simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank , who believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form . He says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out , but to win on points differences and , to give Chris Eubank all due respect , most of his fights have been won on points .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference to why boxing should be banned . The tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition out ) .
I have yet to hear any boxer regret his choice of career .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became the heavyweight champion of the world . Yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
Some had been executed . I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hungary -- he had left his family and friends , his whole life , and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life there . Even though I had lost touch with this classmate , her father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany .
In vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel a part of her . This would not happen if the couple adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby .
It is not fair on the child , because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 - year - old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
The child may also have to look after the mother in her old age .
Also , when Ryan White , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error . However , if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Ted Turner revolutionized the use of the satellite with his creation of CNN , the round - the - clock , round - the - world news station .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the form that is still most familiar to us today : The atomic bomb .
My father has the same program on his computer and is able to buy online tickets without leaving the house and moreover without picking up the phone .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all these regulations and followed them in his literature .
In Candide , Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues his tale with style after telling of his beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until he re - encounters the Baron later in his travels .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of the Baron , who came from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentility .
Candide and his companions dine with 6 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
In his portrayal of the utopian society of Eldorado , Voltaire toils the imperfections of our society .