Michael was a little kid when they had a dream that was : Be a super hero !
Pass some years of the university and he know a girl called Kate and he get loved on theme and they get loved in him .
Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to them dream to be a super hero , Kate get so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
They got so mad that they asked her to get out of their apartment .
But when them get to the home of Michael they fight again and Michael get a knife and kill them .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment they had made a mistake .
I went to the abandon house and started to think the best way to make their life miserable i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make them sufer .
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place they live at and started to look for some information about their life and found people who they care about so as i continued to go to their houes i notice they will alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to follow them to the house and i foun out they were dating a girl she might be their girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive them crazy just as they did with me , that way she will think they had problems on their mind and left them , but son i thougt about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help them and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as they did with me !
But i was so mad at them and so ansiouns to make their life imposible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sufering i had been throug became stronger and bigger , i had made a desition i was goingo to do it , if they dedicated 4 years of their life tourtoring me and not wanting me to be happy i would the time is nesesary for them to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays , for me they are the Best Player in the world , that is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball of 2014 .
If my mom cooks , I always help them .
Our team has a hard - working coach and they give professional advice to us , how to improve football skills .
Each person should practice saving when using any source of eneny to protect their own live .
Jordan Romero has got 13 when they climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Jason is my friend , they are drunk and also they dances with your girfriend .
Jose is the best song . they is singing and talking in the party .
Other person is Angel , they do n't dance in all place .
For example there are girl they are in my class they are beautiful .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe should happen they would be prepared because they have been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in their eyes , they learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
the owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure who they make us a convenience price .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with their aunt Polly and they had to punish Tom because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday Tom went walking to school and they saw their friend Huck which they talk a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for their tooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky so Tom talk to them at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
Tom say to them of another girl so they got mad and they ignored Tom .
Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk with them so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
When Tom saw their house they sneak into their house and saw they aunt Polly crying for them .
The next day Huck went to Tom 's house to tell them that there is an abandoned house up the hill so the two boys considered like an andventure .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment they had made a mistake .
They were at Sarah 's house when suddenly they left all the bathroom dirty and went to their house .
so they went back to Sarah 's house and clean all the bathroom , but Sarah already knew that they left the bathroom like this so before Michael entered to the bathroon she said : " I know what you leave there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
I like my maths teacher very much because their teaching style is very realistic and simple to understanad .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on their back and before the operation he came with me and every day I had to wait for them because they spendt a lot of time in the shower cleaning their long hais , I hated that !
Also i have a brother their name is jose luis they have twenty years old , their personality is dinamic and funny .
Every member have their own role and the boss , the father or the mother , have to guide their team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone give their contribute in family duties .
my teacher show us how we have to behave with others and they teaches us a lot of things about the japanese culture .
Last year , My friend Michael was at school when they heard about a short story competition , They liked the idea so they decided to enter the competition .
they took the money the second day , they finished the registration and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and did good job they went to give their story to the international student magazine office , they found out there are a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled , they came back vey sad and told me what happened .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment they had a mistake .
Peter looked at their watch and knew that they had to do something immediately , after listening conversations of their new neighbours .
It is their town and it is their duty too to save town 's history .
Penny was too sad , the only thing that they can do is to wait and keep calm .
One day Penny discovered it and it go to tell it to their queen , the queen at knowing that they get very confused but at the same time they get mad and they wanted revenge .
When they were 18 , they played first game for India .
They are the first player who played 200 test in cricket .
To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , their homeland were over - developed and become an arid place when they were a child .
After they grow up , they decided to leave and never go back to their hometown .
In addition , they have no blithe memory in their childhood .
The teacher call my name for twice and they told me to stand different place .
The existence of multinaionals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not only a citizen of their own country but a global citizen .
One upon a time there was a tiger who lives in a beautiful landscape with their boyfriend and their 3 daughters .
The tiger was the mom names Amanda of 25 years old , the herders kill their parents , because the herders were poor and do n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion names John of 27 years old , their dad die because in a conflict with other animals , they got an infection .
His mom die because some things or someone drag them of the leg and drop it in a cave were other animals eat them .
They die when John was too little to remember and they never know what happened so they went to all the parts for saw them even they walked and walked even at reverse but they never found them .
The first one names Amanda junior like their mom but they are a cheetah .They have 9 years old they loves to run and they are the fastest of the family and have a lot of spots .
One they animals went with Ana and give them an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleeping .
My father took me between their knies , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt they had achieved something really good .
Yesterday , they were on their way to home and it was getting dark .
They had to walk at least 15 minutes to go from their house to this place .
If they did , how they managed to walk until there in their sleep ?
They started to walk to clear their mind .
They know their way even in the dark ; they had gone to this spot a lot of time , specially the last few weeks .
Michael was excited because they are great writer and they decided to compete .
Finally , Michael ended the story and they went to the post office .
Michael sent the story but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment they had made a mistake , They did n't put their name and address .
What about you?What 's new in Brazil?As you know , my friend John asked me to help them with the organization at the concert , which was performed last month .
Tom wanted Mel , their girlfriend , to come too .
And when they saw her , their heart started to beating faster and faster .
Mel looked sadly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got out of their home .
He said he loved them and kissed their forehead .
They could n't just leave her carrying their baby !
They knew that they had to stay with her the rest of their life and raise the baby .
One day Mel was feeling really bad so Tom took them to the hospital .
He thought it was their fault that they have lost their little human .
When I arrived my uncle was waiting for me and I gave them a big hug .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because they says they do not see me frecuently and many other part of my family .
Winnie loves eating very much so I can easily find much food at their home .
Adriana and I immediately came to them and held them up . '
I felt glad today although Winnie hurt themself .
They were with their mum ..
They were just a young beautiful girl !
Their mum could n't deny to them , so they bought it .
Oh!The girl had so many special moments with their doll!!They looked so adorable together!They were like twins !
After some years the girl decided that they had to move .
So they took a deep breath and put their doll in the attic just like their childhood memories .
They went there and thera was the doll with a knife in their hand.''Bell , why you do n't play with me anymore?Are you boring of me?Just because I have only one eye?But you removed me the other one .
Next day , going at their home their mum wanted to find their daughter .
The girl had a knife in their kneck and on the wall there was a sentence,''Why did you leave me that way ? ''
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag .Pupil could not say that they left a book because they have all books in their tablet computers
This woman , who stands next to them , is their girlfriend , their future wife .
Their voice , their smile and even their body was to wrong on this moment .
They stood up and said to their girlfriend that they needed a break and they have to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment they had made a mistake .
We were talking about this when a dog just came near ; it was adorable just when they converted into a big weird creature .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment they made a mistake .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully they can gave me the answer I wanted .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I have to think about is it help the entire world or just save a group the decision was in my hands it was # conventional to help the entire world but I do n't want to die . while I was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in the group one of those guys we wanted to find and alive not dead their face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
They are the eldest son of the Simpson family .
The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in their school , for this reason they are always misbehaving .
Bart is energetic and clever student but they are also a bad student and they hate nerds .
Although they are rather naughty , they have actually a heart of gold because they help their sister when they need them .
Although , I had n't met them a single time , this letter was their last will and I learned that I inherited a good deal of money .
The door of their room was opened , They came out of the bathroom with just a towel around their waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light up a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps , at the time they were pissed at themself for not having balls to get the girl they loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family and so on , but this is what happened .
Only after , when Angelina left , Michael closed the door and there they knew they had made a huge mistake .
This kid has been raised by their sister , a person who mistreats Pip and their own husband .
Moreover , they are just a regular kid with a terrible life .
Also , their life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a kid who only feels comfortable when they visit the tombstones of their parents .
Obviously , nobody would like to live their life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , finally , like them .
At least , I feel sorry for them and I would like to find that their story has a good ending .
They look like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is their sister .
The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from their name .
Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but they only use indirect speech in just a few occasions referring to their own words .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answer the thief writing that they said that they would get them the file , and that they would get them what broken bits of food they could , and they would come to the thief at the Battery .
Also , they describe their parents in a hilarious way , imaging their father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , they focus on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make their husband and theirs brother suffer and they are worries more about what their neighbors think about them rather than worrying about the person who live in their own house .
The narrator describes them as woman that has earned a good reputation being aggressive with their little brother .
And we know that Joe is a good man because the protagonist describes them as a mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the only exception of the thief that talks about their partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing them to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon their husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
The narrator reveals not so much about them or the other characters , but they write about the essential things we should know through the text .
Probably , the thief will take Pip to an unwanted adventure that will make them growing up faster .
This is obvious when they make reference to the fact that photography did not exist when they were a kid .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for them .
It was the day when they were going to meet their biological mother .
After their 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to their bilogical mother and why did they gave Anna away .
They convinced the lady at the agency to give them the name of the biological mother of " their little sister who had a disease and needed to know if their bilogical mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
Even though it was illegal , the lady gave them the name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , their biological mother .
They hesitated several times because they were afraid of their mother 's rejection .
At the beginning Anna did not say anything , they could not utter any sound .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard their mother crying and asking lots of questions .
Anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in their life and that is why they knew that it was going to be a very special day .
I love them and my dream was to meet them , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to their hotel , so I was quite sad .
Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't a simple boy , They were Felix !
Then I went to them and they took a photo with me .
Their realism is different : in fact Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism in which they mix pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues they wishes to portray , while the Bronte sisters use realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
Our lab works along with Alexis Hervieux on their study of arpin .
They started out their career as an accountant , but they were fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
Yet , oftentimes , being overly respectful may play against them and although they have gained the respect of all the people they have worked with , some of them suggested they should build up their self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership for other people 's mistakes .
When the dragon Chrysophylax comes and devastates everything , they are sent twice against them , not only managing to defeat them thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
How does the author create a word of horror to their readers ?
In the first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , they were going to kill the old man , and they did it .
The second time when madman heard the heartbeats , they became impatient , scared , excited and insane , in the end , they confessed that they killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is their intonation .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found there " , Max told to their friends one sunny afternoon .
Max and their friends took a walk under the trees when , acroos the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max said aloud .
Max cut a piece of their T - shirt to cure the animal .
When the day finished , Max and their friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life."What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to themself as they got into bed that night .
For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that they had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and in their opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
Apart from their cricketing skills I loved their ability to handle pressure and their calm nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket I will advise them to watch batting of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
I met a friend about one week ago , and they asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : What is on my Bucket List ?
Outside stood the most extraordinary - looking man : they looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
A magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if they did n't know how to perform the trick .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt they still face serious consequences in later life diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing , even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for their boxing and their quick - witted intelligence now has Alzheimer disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists their arranged marriage in The Color Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Water for Chocolate .
For example when Candide is forced to join the Bulgar army they are beaten almost to death but Candide does not concern themself because they know it is for their own good - in fact later in the book they use their training to become a soldier .
Although this would seem to be good it is not because of their training they kill two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceed to kill their sweethearts brother .
Voltaire show their dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Candide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only three survivors , Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer but Pangloss can only tell them that some good will come of it .
Candide can not see what possible good can come of this especially as the reason that they were in America was due to them killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Candide 's life is governed by their belief the good will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Cunégonde but they are not the beautiful young flower that he once loved .
Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that they will marry her despite all the trouble which they have gone through , of course in the end they do get Cunégonde but at the price of their looks and personality .
Britain has been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , but throughout history , they have been more concerned with their oversees empires than with anywhere else .
In the latter half century though , their empire has diminished and they have had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not been to lead Britain into a United Europe because they felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
Firstly , was Europe 's realization of their own weakness , after having lost their age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head their brain moves vigorously inside their skull .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can end their career with brain damage .
The sport to say the least is actually a blood sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank he believes they are a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form , They say that they do not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock their opponent out but to win on points differences and to give Chris Eubank his just respect most of their fights have been won on points .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference why boxing should be banned , the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock their opposition out ) .
I have yet to hear any boxer regret their choice of career .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved their ultimate goal and became the Heavyweight champion of the world , yet how sorry many were to see them return to boxing after their head injuries earlier in their career .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of their profits to charity , but was rejected .
Some had been executed -- I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hungary -- They had left their family and friends , their whole life and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
They told me that nothing could compare to the way they had been forced to live their life there -- Even though I had lost touch with this classmate , their father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany --
An in vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel apart of them , this would not happen if the couple adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides they want a baby .
It is not fair on the child because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother could be drawing their pension and I am sure they would not feel like playing with their child .
The child may also have to look after the mother in their old age .
Also , when Ryan White , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion was diagnosed , the people of their town and their school treated them like a complete outcast and would n't allow them to attend school .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; however if that person knew what they should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , they would not have erroneous answers .
Ted Turner revolutionized the use of the satellite , with their creation of CNN , the round - the - clock , round - the - world news station .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world their invention in the form that is still most familiar to us today : The Atomic bomb .
My father has the same program in their computer and is able to buy on line tickets w / out leaving the house and moreover w / out picking up the phone .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all these regulations and followed them in their literature .
In Candide Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , they did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when they mentioned sex .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues their tale with style after telling of their beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , they leave to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until they reencounter the Baron later in their travels .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in their description of the Baron , who came from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentilesse .
Candide and their companions dine with 6 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
In their portrayal of the utopian society of Eldorado , Voltaire toils the imperfections of our society .