When I was younger , I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher . I do n't know why .
Volleyball is a sport that is played everywhere . When I am on the beach I like playing with my sister in the sand , and then we go in the sea .
My best friend is looking for a responsible person to look after her sister .
Her sister is 6 years old and you would have to look after her every weekend .
Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : to be a super hero !
After many years , he still dreamt of becoming a super hero .
He went to university to study medicine because he thought that that profession was the most similar to being a super hero .
After some years at university he met a girl called Kate , and he fell in love with her , and she fell in love with him .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day Michael told her about his dream of being a super hero . Kate got so agitated , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming and that that would never happen and that super heroes did n't exist .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and got mad , saying that she was lying and did n't have a heart .
He got so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
The following day , she said sorry and they were happy again .
But when they got to Michael 's house , they fought again , and Michael got a knife and kill her .
He cried with a lot of blood around .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many of kinds of transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport you from north to south in less than an hour . This will make businessmen happy and comfortable , because of saving a lot of time and effort , so we hope that the government can achieve this as soon as possible .
I went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make his life miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him suffer .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lived and started to look for some information about his life and find people who he cared about . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house , s I decided to follow him to the house and I found out he was dating a girl . She might be his girlfriend , so I finally got an idea . I would drive him crazy just as he did me . That way she would think he had problems with his mind and leave him . But soon i thought about it again and realized that if I did that she would try to help him and they will be more united , so I decided to drive them both crazy , almost to the brink of death , just as he did with me !
I screamed . My anger had dominated my mind . I did n't have any control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself , and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my revenge . The best revenge .
But I was so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greater . I had made a decision , and I was going to do it . If he dedicated 4 years of his life to torturing me and not wanting me to be happy , the time is necessary for him to have a miserable life , and I wo n't stop until I have accomplished my goal .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays . For me , he is the best player in the world . That is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball in 2014 .
I play football because I like it , but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad .
His dream is that I become the next captain of a big team and win a lot of money .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
About 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there were not even good facilities to move from one place to another , and that is because there were no companies to build cars . After about 10 years , car trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans . At the beginning , they faced a lot of problems , but they were able to solve them in the end .
Everybody has his favourite sport .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us about how to improve our football skills .
His main words : " You must work and work very hard if you want to get good results " .
On the other hand , I took care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
We always played in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laughed a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager , I began to experience situations that I did not like , for instance , girls said bad things to me or they talked unkindly about me .
At that moment , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sister .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
He has always been with me .
Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , David , my husband .
Each person should practice saving energy when using any source of energy to protect his own life .
Jordan Romero was 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and he also dances with his girlfriend .
Jose is the best singer . He sings and talks at the party .
Another person is Angel . He does n't dance anywhere .
He prefers to study at home .
For example , there is a girl in my class , and she is beautiful .
I love her look .
Her eyes look like the sun .
But she ignores me .
I hope I can forget her .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse should happen , he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
The atmosphere reminds one of the sea . In fact , the walls are decorated with a lot of shells and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
The owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure he will give us a good price .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his aunt Polly and she had to punish Tom , because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday , Tom was walking to school , and he saw his friend Huck , and they talked a lot , and Tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky , so Tom talked to her at school , and they went into a secret garden , and Tom kissed Becky .
Tom talked to her about another girl , so she got mad , and she ignored Tom .
Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk to him , so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
When Tom saw his house , he sneaked into his house and saw his aunt Polly crying for him .
The next day , Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there was an abandoned house up the hill , so the two boys considered it an adventure .
The two boys heard that he was planning to steal some money and kill people , so the boys started their adventure with stopping Injuin Joe ...
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned the whole bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he had left the bathroom like that , so before Michael entered the bathroom she said : " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
I like my maths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had an operation on her back and , before the operation , he came with me and , every day , I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hair . I hated that !
Luckily , the operation was fine and she stopped coming with me , and since that day , I go on my own .
I love my family , especially my little sister . She is sixteen years old . I consider her my best friend because I usually tell her everything about my life .
It 's a lovely dog . He knows how I feel .
My oldest sister , whose name is Cinthya , is really weird towards me .
Our relationship is not good because she is so different from me .
Also , I have a brother whose name is Jose Luis . He is twenty years old . His personality is dynamic and funny .
What we believe , as Muslims , is that we were created by one who does n't have any other with him ; the one who created our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) , and they were in Paradise and instructed not to eat from the tree , but Satan deceived them , so they came to this life and generations came from them and sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who will follow the truth which will guide them to Paradise and who follow other paths , which will guide them to hell . So , because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
Every member has his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , has to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have in life .
Usually there are generational problems ; sons do n't understand parents and vice versa , but by talking and listening to emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits to social behaviour , but also must listen to other points of view to rearrange and update their knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone makes his contribution to family duties .
I think people will like this movie because it 's very similar to the story of the book . This is one of the first movies that is really based on the book . The theme is very unique and original . Also , the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will make double the effort .
Hope you guys choose this movie ! !
My teacher shows us how we should behave with others and he teaches us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition . He liked the idea , so he decided to enter the competition .
But , there was a fee in order to enter the competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he has a lot of friends that can lend him some .
He phoned me and asked me to lend him some money to register for the competition .
He took the money the next day , he finished the registration and started writing the story . After spending a long time writing and doing a good job , he went to give his story to the international student magazine office . He found out there was a notice on the door saying that the competition was canceled . He came back very sad and told me what had happened . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately after listening to the conversations of his new neighbours .
He did n't have much time to prove their plan and he could not wait to make it happen .
It is his town , and it is his duty too to save the town 's history .
He called the police and informed them about his neighbours ' robbery plan .
I stayed about one week in the home of my boyfriend .
Because if we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn about our own culture through a foreign language ?
Once upon a time ,  there was a little ant called Penny . He was really small compared with the others .
He hated being like that because most of the ants made fun of him , until one day something horrible and inevitable happened .
Penny was so sad . The only thing that he could do was to wait and keep calm .
The actors had monitors that watched the ants all the time .
One day , Penny discovered it and went to tell it to his queen . The queen , on hearing that , got very confused but at the same time she got mad and she wanted revenge .
I love this game because my favourite sportsman plays this game .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar , known as little master .
His stance , style , shots , running between the wickets , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
When he was 18 , he played his first game for India .
He was the first player who played a 200 test in cricket .
He has many achievements , like the first 200 in one day , etc .
I love the way he plays .
I can recommend you to my uncle 's company to get a job .
To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland was over - developed and became an arid place when she was a child .
After she grew up , she decided to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she has no happy memories of her childhood .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's grade C 100-metre race started .
The teacher called my name twice and he told me to stand in a different place .
The existence of multinationals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as to the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not just a citizen of his own country , but a global citizen .
Once upon a time , there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger was a mother named Amanda , and she was 25 years old . The herders killed her parents , because the herders were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they killed them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion named John , and he was 27 years old . His dad died because , in a fight with other animals , he got an infection .
His mom died because something or someone dragged her by the leg and pulled her into a cave where other animals ate her .
They died when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened , so he went everywhere to look for them . He even walked and walked even in reverse , but he never found them .
The 3 daughters were so different from each other .
The first one was named Amanda Junior , after her mom , but she was a cheetah . She was 9 years old , and she loved to run , and she was the fastest in the family and had a lot of spots .
She is of the ones that tend to make something enforced .
Other animals gave them rewards or bonus because she discovered that water was liquid .
The last daughter was Ana , who was the youngest of the family and was a jaguar .
She stayed in bed and did nothing all day .
One day , animals went to Ana and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do something other than sleeping .
Congratulations from your sister on your prize .
My father took me between his knees , because I could ski without falling over and it was fun .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday , he was on his way home and it was getting dark .
His parents were worried and called him a couple of times .
He started walking very quickly .
She opened her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black sky .
She got up and looked around .
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to take consciousness , although she could n't remember how she got there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from her house to this place .
The problem was , the last thing she remembered was that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened because of the wind .
She fell sleep again , did n't she ?
If she did , how did she manage to walk there in her sleep ?
If she was n't awake , why could n't she remember anything after that ?
This situation was really frustrating , not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
She started to walk to clear her mind .
She knew her way even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of times , especially the last few weeks .
I went with my parents and my sister .
My name is Mohamed and I am a 28 - year- old male from the Kingdom of Bahrain .
When I was 10 , I chose to play with a group of girls older than me . They were good , and I could n't believe the experience .
In the newspaper , he read an interesting notice .
Michael was excited because he was a great writer and he decided to enter .
First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
Finally , Michael ended the story and he went to the post office .
Michael sent the story but he closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake . He did n't give his name and address .
Her skin is colored red and green ; red dots on top of the green to be more precise .
She does that every day after school .
Of course , she also has a little brother .
His skin is colored red , just like their father 's .
What about you ? What 's new in Brazil ? As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization of a concert which was held last month .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
I felt like a star ! Crowds of people were waiting in front of the dressing room for autographs , but only me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
It was really important to him because he had been training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he had n't achieved anything .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from the team and had a party .
Tom wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
She was really proud of him .
She dreamt of being his wife .
She wanted to be his wife so badly .
But he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to break up with her at that party .
He was waiting 2 hours for her .
He hated that she was always late .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it .
When Mel came she looked gorgeous .
And when he saw her , his heart started to beat faster and faster .
He got closer to her and told her everything .
Mel looked sadly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and left his home .
He followed and apologized to her .
He said he was drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
Then he hugged her .
He said he loved her and kissed her forehead .
He had to stay with her because of ... the baby .
He could n't just leave her carrying his baby !
No ! He had never acted like this .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He decided to give swimming up and start to take care of Mel .
One day Mel was feeling really bad so Tom took her to the hospital .
He felt that something bad was going to happen .
And he was right .
His life was going to change .
He broke up with Mel and it made her much more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it was her fault that she had lost their little human .
He started to think about how he could improve our lives , and he found a solution .
You probably wo n't believe me , but I met all the members of Dżem band . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very nice men . Because of helping them , I had the best place during the concert and I have their autographs on the latest record . I did n't have many duties and none of them were unpleasant .
In addition , I think that the settings are very realistic , and the actors gave a great performance .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
I have one brother and one sister .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a qualified person for the post .
I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I think that I inherited this love for soccer .
When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
We went to Long Island because he lives there .
He has a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " , who looks just like me .
My uncle had the awesome idea of going to Niagara Falls .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she said they do not see me frequently and many other members of my family .
Many years ago , I shared a room with a friend for a few months during a course outside my country . Those days were the worst in my life ; he was dirty , spoke loudly all the time and did not share the budget for food . Living alone will grant me the freedom to live in the way that I choose and still be friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . This is not achieved when living in shared rooms .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was a black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
For example , Krishna et al. ( 2013 ) reports a case of continuous harassment of a woman by a man called Mr .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to get rid of , such as bottles or paper .
She is able to make such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
It was built in 79 A.D. by Tito , who was the Roman emperor .
I need to work . My husband has been living in Zaandam . I want to find a new job in Holland to reunite our family .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
It is just something that I had to do , not you , not her , me .
I have had a part - time job as a babysitter and I take care of my 11-year - old brother very often .
Winnie really loves eating , so I can easily find a lot of food at her house .
Adriana and I immediately went to her and picked her up . '
I felt happy today , although Winnie hurt herself .
As I told you before , I ca n't afford to pay for this trip on my own , so my father will put up some money to help me .
But I want to find a job to help him with the bills .
A girl was walking home one day .
She was with her mum . .
She was just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were going home when the girl noticed a cute doll in a shop .
She had blond hair and she was wearing a blue dress , white gloves and black shoes .
Just like her ... ''Mum I love this doll ! Could you buy it for me ? '' she said .
Her mum could n't refuse her , so she bought it .
Oh ! The girl had so many special moments with her doll ! ! They looked so adorable together ! They were like twins !
After some years , the girl decided that she had to move .
She was eighteen years old , she had to be independent .
So she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic , just like her childhood memories .
At night she heard some creepy noises from there ...
She went there and there was the doll with a knife in her hand . ' ' Bell , why do n't you play with me anymore ? Are you bored of me ? Just because I have only one eye ? But you removed the other one .
Just because I do n't have one of my gloves ? But you did it again ! '' she screamed .
Next day , going home , her mum wanted to find her daughter .
So , she went upstairs ...
The girl had a knife in her neck and on the wall there was a sentence , ' ' Why did you leave me that way ? ''
In Italy , I attend a school for waiters and cooks , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I have been employed in many famous restaurants .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls . But once I tried it , I loved it .
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to include me when they played , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
Now some other women and I have started to organize female matches , so I am more used to playing with girls . I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it is part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
The service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and kind .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than in the past , thanks to the progress mankind has made through technology .
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag . Pupil can not say that he forgot a book because he has all his books on his tablet computer .
This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong when she told him that she was pregnant .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he would be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when she told him that she was pregnant , he just froze .
It was too much for him .
He thought it was easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
He tried to understand what was going on with him .
It was weird how many questions and doubts came into his head .
One part of him was really happy , because to be a father was one of his biggest dreams , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who was standing next to him , was his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy and hug her and celebrate this good news .
But somehow he did n't feel anything .
All that he felt was anxiety .
He could n't handle the feeling , when she tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
He knew that she loved him as much as he loved her , but everything was just all wrong at this moment .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was wrong at this moment .
She could n't understand what was going on , because it was just three weeks ago that they had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he would like to have kids with her .
And now , he was just avoiding her and he was not happy about the news .
She was more than happy and he could n't handle this news .
They both knew that they loved each other and they cared about each other , but it was too much for him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I stalked him and it seemed that this guy had a hump .
I stopped him and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
We were talking about this when a dog came near ; it was adorable , but suddenly he changed into a big weird creature .
He bit my leg and it hurt a lot . We tried to alert the others , but it was too late ; it was the group or us .
In some ways , that she stole the food in the night and I woke up was good for my survival .
On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14-year - old boy explains " I prefer going in the car , it 's quicker ...
" says a 17 - 22-year - old boy .
For example , if some woman you are acquainted with is wearing inappropriate clothes not fitting the occasion .
People usually tend not to tell her the truth , since it could hurt her feelings .
Instead of doing so , people may praise her for other things about her .
In that case , they could still make conversation without spoiling her mood .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Due to this , we 're both called to meet the headmaster .
I could n't understood why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had closed the door .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
Although , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , we refused to return to the school and decided to change to a new school as we know , even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
Also , I have a good relationship with little kids . I usually look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
We were ready to go and find the others . We went outside the shelter we had built and wrote on a wall near the shelter " safe zone " , and if there is someone that needs supplies , he will find some supplies and ammo to survive .
We started our journey and went into the forest . There were a lot of pests . On our way , there were various guys that were sick , but we could n't do anything except for keep going . I was seeing my little group diminish , and some of us were allergic to some plants . I was the only one that had no problems with all the other stuff people had problems with .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection . I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but , # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to think about whether it is better to help the entire world or just save a group . The decision was in my hands . It was # conventional to help the entire world , but I do n't want to die . While I was thinking about that , we found a body . It was the familiar body of someone that was in the group . One of those guys we wanted to find , and alive not dead . His face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
The film starts by putting you in the flesh of the main character , who is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a cage and being transported to what seems to be a camp .
He has no idea how he ended up there .
However , he soon realizes that this is not a normal camp , and it is located next to a giant and mysterious maze .
He took the role of runner , the people responsible for exploring the maze and looking for an exit out of this place .
The surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cosy . The waiters were very friendly and informative .
As I was eating with my friend , Moreno , and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked the Chianina beef . It was very tasty .
He is the eldest son of the Simpson family .
He has yellow skin and big eyes . He is blond and has got spiky hair .
The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in his school . For this reason he is always misbehaving .
His parents and the school principal often punish him .
Bart is an energetic and clever student but he is also a bad student and he hates nerds .
Although he is rather naughty , he actually has a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she needs him .
My concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my threshold yelled : " I have a letter for Mr. Samson !
At first , I had observed the letter cautiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name on it .
Although I had n't met him a single time , this letter was his last will and I learned that I had inherited a good deal of money .
I have worked for one year in London as a waiter in the Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as a waiter also in Barcomi 's Cafe in Berlin .
This whole business has started to get on his nerves .
He has to deal with it , the sooner the better .
For now , one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
The one he dates is Angelina , not Malika . That 's the problem .
He ca n't dump Angy just like that , they 've been friends for years .
She 's not bad .
And he has to put a stop to this without hurting anybody .
He 'll break up with her .
The door of his room was open . He came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having the balls to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family , and so on , but that is what happened .
At the time , he did n't realise that .
Only after , when Angelina left , Michael closed the door and then he knew he had made a huge mistake .
I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard .
The third day was one of my favourites . The place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel you 're in the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with the names of famous women and lovely drinks .
These first two chapters extracted from Great Expectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young boy known as Pip .
This child has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and his own husband .
Moreover , he is just a regular child with a terrible life .
He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
Also , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a child who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
Obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , in the end , like him .
At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .
The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .
Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech on just a few occasions , referring to his own words .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answers the thief , writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
Apart from this , he just writes exactly what the characters said .
He only knows what he sees , and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient power .
However , his power could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflective way too .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imagining his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair , just from looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread throughout the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections , like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who robbed him as a man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe the other characters psychologically . He focuses on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and her brother suffer and she worries about what their neighbors think about her , rather than worrying about the people who live in her own house .
The narrator describes her as a woman that has earned a good reputation by being aggressive towards her little brother .
And we know that Joe is a good man because the protagonist describes him as mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the sole exception of the thief , who talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
" My sister , Mrs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , and had established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
" Now lookee here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be let to live . You know
" Yes , sir . "
The narrator reveals not so much about himself or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know throughout the text .
Probably , the thief will take Pip on an unwanted adventure that will make him grow up faster .
I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts , in the graveyard .
I would like to read a story without tale ; just a regular man who died while he was learning to live .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a child .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She has been waiting so long for this day to come .
It was the day when she was going to meet her biological mother .
She had known she was adopted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
She did not feel bad about it because she loved her parents very much and she felt loved by them .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden need to know what happened to her biological mother and why she gave Anna away .
After finding the adoption papers , she contacted the adoption agency .
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her the name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
A month passed by before she had the courage to dial that number .
She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
At the beginning , Anna did not say anything , she could not utter any sound .
But then she said " hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna would be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't an ordinary boy . He was Felix !
So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
Then I went to him and he had his photo taken with me .
He stayed there a few hours , and I spent the best day of my life asking him some questions and singing his songs .
When he left I was sad but also really happy .
The importance of working hard to achieve goals and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
Dickens and the Bronte sisters use the same style : realistic style .
They are influenced by the surroundings in which they live : Dickens , the city of London , and the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of Yorkshire .
Their realism is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism , in which he mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes to portray , while the Bronte sisters use a realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
Our lab works along with Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
Recently , he visited Moscow and while we were having a conversation , I mentioned that I was looking for an opportunity to work in a postdoc position abroad .
You can find work as a waiter or in a shop .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
Plus , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on new challenges so he transferred to the sales department two years ago .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
Yet , often , being overly respectful may play against him and , although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership of other people 's mistakes .
My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
A dog is man 's best friend
So , if someone really loves their pet , they will find time to pay a lot of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's best friend .
My mother had written to me after months !
Since she left for Paris last year , I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , which made me feel really depressed .
But I had her letter at last , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
I had never travelled to Europe before , so I was really nervous , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
You must be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate and he has to catch it .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have pre - intermediate level Italian as well .
Set in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Ham , who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .
When the dragon Chrysophylax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
At the end of the story , Giles becomes an independent king .
First person narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the story and make the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this story , the author invited us to know what was inside the madman 's mind .
How does the author create a world of horror for his readers ?
Just like the madman 's plan was happening right in front of us .
The first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
The second time when the madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane . In the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is his intonation .
The whole story apart from the end of the story when he confessed the crime , the madman used intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the varieties of animals which are found there " , Max said to his friends one sunny afternoon .
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max said aloud .
Max cut a piece of his T - shirt to treat the animal .
When the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life . " What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
Luckily for me ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after who told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and , in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant had just opened with lower prices and good service .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it will mean .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use your native language skills once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
The two - day one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
She stands up for a global deal confirmed at the UN summit by the leading states and therefore these climate targets should be a model for other countries .
Even when I was a kid , I started playing with boys much older than me .
I am a fan of his batting .
He has broken almost every record in cricket history .
Apart from his cricketing skills , I love his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket , I would advise him to watch the batting of greats like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : what is on my Bucket List ?
About two weeks before I met him , I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our stars " .
Outside stood the most extraordinary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriends .
She came down , but she did not scream .
Instead she started crying .
The man , as it turned out , was my father , who had been missing for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still alive .
Mother had always told me he had died in the war .
I think she did this for my own good .
I was very bemused by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or not .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
It was very odd to see him in my home .
During the tour , the visitors are shown several rooms and apartments , as well as the Royal Private Apartments with world - famous tapestries of the Polish kings ' collection .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother tongue .
A magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to perform the trick .
As I said , adolescents can be very confused and if there 's one thing that gets under our skin , is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite .
Nowadays , you can still see some fishermen fishing on the seashore .
On the one hand , there is what remains standing of buildings that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen safe from storms .
Anyone can use the nearest car he or she sees .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , he still faces serious consequences in later life . Diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing . Even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence , now has Alzheimer 's disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
In the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although the mothers in The Joy Luck Club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the US government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arranged marriage in The Color Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Water for Chocolate .
For example , when Candide is forced to join the Bulgar army he is beaten almost to death , but Candide does not concern himself because he know it is for his own good - in fact , later in the book he uses his training to become a soldier .
Although this would seem to be good , it is not . Because of his training , he kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweetheart 's brother .
Voltaire shows his dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Candide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only three survivors ; Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer , but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
This is no more true than when he arrives in the new world , South America , and has to leave his darling Cunégonde with the Commissioner of the province .
Candide can not see what possible good can come of this , especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he embraces Cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldorado but leaves - the list continues .
Candide 's life is governed by his belief that good will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Cunégonde , but she is not the beautiful young flower that he once loved .
She has become ugly and grows worse by the day .
Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he will marry he . Despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course , in the end he does get Cunégonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
Whenever necessary , she has allied herself to European powers , such as in times of war or extreme distrust .
Britain has been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , but throughout history , she has been more concerned with her oversees empires than with anywhere else .
In the last half - century , though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolated sovereignty , it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
Of course Britain would lose her sovereignty , as would the other nations of the union .
The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not been to lead Britain into a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
First was Europe 's realization of her own weakness , after having lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
Two men , one ring , only one can leave . Dramatic it may be , but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head , his brain moves vigorously inside his skull .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs frequently , then the boxer can end his career with brain damage .
The sport , to say the least , is actually a blood sport . The simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank , who believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form . He says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out , but to win on points differences and , to give Chris Eubank all due respect , most of his fights have been won on points .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference to why boxing should be banned . The tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition out ) .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
I have yet to hear any boxer regret his choice of career .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport , would be leading the protests against boxing .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became the heavyweight champion of the world . Yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
Some had been executed . I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hungary -- he had left his family and friends , his whole life , and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
I asked him once if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he left .
He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life there . Even though I had lost touch with this classmate , her father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and even the less overt corners of our lives .
There is , however , a more dangerous threat from computers . It is that they can do the work of men .
Computers may be the future , but what part will man have in this future ?
The fundamental flaw in saying scientists must bear the major burden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , anything above the mud hut existence .
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the sperm from the father .
Once fertilisation has occurred , the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mother 's womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
Normally , more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
Women who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with in vitro fertilisation .
Through no fault of her own , she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair to help her to have children .
1 . Fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal women .
Last year there was a case of a post- menopausal woman who , by lying about her age , was given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .
There should be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the mother and not from dead foetuses .
This is when an egg is removed from a woman , placed in a test tube , and then sperm is placed into the test tube and the egg and sperm fuse together .
The test tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the foetus is formed , and the baby is then inserted back into the mother .
In vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel a part of her . This would not happen if the couple adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby .
Nature has already taken its course to tell her she is too old to have any children , so why should she have one implanted into her .
It is not fair on the child , because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 - year - old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
Also , the mother may die of old age before the child has led a full life and this would be unfair to the child .
The child may also have to look after the mother in her old age .
The woman has 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and a Y - chromosome .
If the mother wants a boy , Y sperm is selected , and if a girl , X is selected .
Also , what happens if most people the year you are born are men and you are a woman ? This would be the unpopular sex .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that man is better at diagnosing CJD now than ever before .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) , he or she is entitled to it .
A rather hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary , then it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
I agree that in the past women have had problems with society 's idea of what they are expected to do in the workplace and at home .
Women have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed for a man versus a woman doing the same job .
Gone is the age when the woman was required to stay home .
Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay home do it because they want to .
A lot of what has changed women 's roles is the of feminists .
These are groups of people that have defended women over the years .
These people have shown the modern world what women in the workplace can do .
The problem is that these feminists have not looked at all women .
Some women were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What happens is that all women have to go along with these feminists rules .
An example is military women wanting to serve in combat positions when at war .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
Women just ca n't fight in a war very well .
They feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones .
Other women , though , are glad that the rule in the United States stands as it does .
Many women believe that they are the victims .
They are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
There are some things that women can do better than men and there are some things that men can do better than women .
More and more office jobs are being filled by women but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
Divorce is at fifty percent and rising , women are having more heart attacks , being more stressed , and kids are being more neglected .
Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if this is not for them .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and women running a lot more companies .
Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended them to do ...
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Women 's Liberation has been met with adamant , and often obstinate opposition .
From the very beginning , the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it was again destined for failure .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
Women supporting equal pay for women and other " liberal " causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the bra - burning , anti - shaving leaders of the 1970s .
For so many years , the good that feminists have promoted for women has fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. radical , ideas .
Also , when Ryan White , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error . However , if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Ted Turner revolutionized the use of the satellite with his creation of CNN , the round - the - clock , round - the - world news station .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the form that is still most familiar to us today : The atomic bomb .
Write your local congressman .
Another " discovery " of this past century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that a lot of progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have the woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
Even today , a woman is still only earning something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how many things as varied as pornography or the language we use help to form the image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women are seen for who they truly are .
Only when women have achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the discovery will have been completed .
My father has the same program on his computer and is able to buy online tickets without leaving the house and moreover without picking up the phone .
Unfortunately , these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem like the good guy always wins , and always lives through dangerous situations .
At the dawn of time , cavemen cooked animal flesh over open fires .
Fire , the source of life , has always been used to prepare the food of mankind throughout history .
She sits in front of it all day and it keeps her happy .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all these regulations and followed them in his literature .
In Candide , Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues his tale with style after telling of his beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until he re - encounters the Baron later in his travels .
He attracts the hypocrisy of the Church in the old woman 's father being the Pope .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of the Baron , who came from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentility .
Candide and his companions dine with 6 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
In his portrayal of the utopian society of Eldorado , Voltaire toils the imperfections of our society .
He is prejudiced toward Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He adopted white attitudes against minorities in the different regions he has lived in .
In many cases , the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
The most violent cartoons are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudd .