Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : Be a super hero !
Pass some years of the university and he know a girl called Kate and he get loved on here and she get loved in him .
Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a super hero , Kate get so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
He got so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
But when them get to the home of Michael they fight again and Michael get a knife and kill her .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I went to the abandon house and started to think the best way to make his life miserable i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sufer .
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he live at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about so as i continued to go to his houes i notice he will alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to follow him to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive him crazy just as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but son i thougt about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he did with me !
But i was so mad at him and so ansiouns to make his life imposible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sufering i had been throug became stronger and bigger , i had made a desition i was goingo to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tourtoring me and not wanting me to be happy i would the time is nesesary for him to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays , for me he is the Best Player in the world , that is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball of 2014 .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve football skills .
Each person should practice saving when using any source of eneny to protect his own live .
Jordan Romero has got 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and also he dance with your girfriend .
Jose is the best song . he is singing and talking in the party .
Other person is Angel , he do n't dance in all place .
For example there are girl she is in my class she is beautiful .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe should happen he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
the owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience price .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his aunt Polly and she had to punish Tom because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Huck which they talk a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky so Tom talk to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
Tom say to her of another girl so she got mad and she ignored Tom .
Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk with him so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
When Tom saw his house he sneak into his house and saw he aunt Polly crying for him .
The next day Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there is an abandoned house up the hill so the two boys considered like an andventure .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left all the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
so he went back to Sarah 's house and clean all the bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he left the bathroom like this so before Michael entered to the bathroon she said : " I know what you leave there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
I like my maths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understanad .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on her back and before the operation he came with me and every day I had to wait for her because she spendt a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hais , I hated that !
Also i have a brother his name is jose luis he has twenty years old , his personality is dinamic and funny .
Every member have his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , have to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone give his contribute in family duties .
my teacher show us how we have to behave with others and he teach us a lot of things about the japanese culture .
Last year , My friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition , he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
he took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and did good job he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out there are a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled , he came back vey sad and told me what happened .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening conversations of his new neighbours .
It is his town and it is his duty too to save town 's history .
Penny was too sad , the only thing that he can do is to wait and keep calm .
One day Penny discovered it and it go to tell it to his queen , the queen at knowing that she get very confused but at the same time she get mad and she wanted revenge .
When he was 18 , he played first game for India .
He is the first player who played 200 test in cricket .
To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland were over - developed and become an arid place when she was a child .
After she grows up , she decides to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she has no blithe memory in her childhood .
The teacher call my name for twice and he told me to stand different place .
The existence of multinaionals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
One upon a time there was a tiger who lives in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger was the mom names Amanda of 25 years old , the herders kill her parents , because the herders were poor and do n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion names John of 27 years old , his dad die because in a conflict with other animals , he got an infection .
His mom die because some things or someone drag her of the leg and drop it in a cave were other animals eat her .
They die when John was too little to remember and he never know what happened so he went to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walked even at reverse but he never found them .
The first one names Amanda junior like her mom but she is a cheetah .She have 9 years old she loves to run and she is the fastest of the family and have a lot of spots .
One they animals went with Ana and give her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleeping .
My father took me between his knies , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday , he was on his way to home and it was getting dark .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to go from her house to this place .
If she did , how she managed to walk until there in her sleep ?
She started to walk to clear her mind .
She knows her way even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of time , specially the last few weeks .
Michael was excited because he is great writer and he decided to compete .
Finally , Michael ended the story and he went to the post office .
Michael sent the story but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , he did n't put his name and address .
What about you?What 's new in Brazil?As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert , which was performed last month .
Tom wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
And when he saw her , his heart started to beating faster and faster .
Mel looked sadly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got out of his home .
He said he loved her and kissed her forehead .
He could n't just leave her carrying his baby !
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
One day Mel was feeling really bad so Tom took her to the hospital .
He thought it was her fault that she has lost their little human .
When I arrived my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she say they do not see me frecuently and many other part of my family .
Winnie loves eating very much so I can easily find much food at her home .
Adriana and I immediately came to her and held her up . '
I felt glad today although Winnie hurt herself .
She was with her mum ..
She was just a young beautiful girl !
Her mum could n't deny to her , so she bought it .
Oh!The girl had so many special moments with her doll!!They looked so adorable together!They were like twins !
After some years the girl decided that she had to move .
So she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories .
She went there and thera was the doll with a knife in her hand.''Bell , why you do n't play with me anymore?Are you boring of me?Just because I have only one eye?But you removed me the other one .
Next day , going at her home her mum wanted to find her daughter .
The girl had a knife in her kneck and on the wall there was a sentence,''Why did you leave me that way ? ''
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag .Pupil could not say that he left a book because he has all books in his tablet computers
This woman , who stands next to him , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was to wrong on this moment .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needs a break and he have to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
We were talking about this when a dog just came near ; it was adorable just when he converted into a big weird creature .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he made a mistake .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he can gave me the answer I wanted .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I have to think about is it help the entire world or just save a group the decision was in my hands it was # conventional to help the entire world but I do n't want to die . while I was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in the group one of those guys we wanted to find and alive not dead his face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
He is the eldest son of the Simpson family .
The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in his school , for this reason he is always misbehaving .
Bart is energetic and clever student but he is also a bad student and he hates nerds .
Although he is rather naughty , he has actually a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she needs him .
Although , I had n't met him a single time , this letter was his last will and I learned that I inherited a good deal of money .
The door of his room was opened , he came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light up a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having balls to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family and so on , but this is what happened .
Only after , when Angelina left , Michael closed the door and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .
This kid has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and his own husband .
Moreover , he is just a regular kid with a terrible life .
Also , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a kid who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
Obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , finally , like him .
At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .
The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .
Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech in just a few occasions referring to his own words .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answer the thief writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuses on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and hers brother suffer and she is worries more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who live in her own house .
The narrator describes her as woman that has earned a good reputation being aggressive with her little brother .
And we know that Joe is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the only exception of the thief that talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
The narrator reveals not so much about him or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the text .
Probably , the thief will take Pip to an unwanted adventure that will make him growing up faster .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
It was the day when she was going to meet her biological mother .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to her bilogical mother and why did she gave Anna away .
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her bilogical mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her the name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
At the beginning Anna did not say anything , she could not utter any sound .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .
Anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't a simple boy , He was Felix !
Then I went to him and he took a photo with me .
Their realism is different : in fact Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism in which he mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wish to portray , while the Bronte sisters use realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
Our lab works along with Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
Yet , oftentimes , being overly respectful may play against him and although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership for other people 's mistakes .
When the dragon Chrysophylax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
How does the author create a word of horror to his readers ?
In the first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
The second time when madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane , in the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is his intonation .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found there " , Max told to his friends one sunny afternoon .
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , acroos the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max said aloud .
Max cut a piece of his T - shirt to cure the animal .
When the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life."What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
Apart from his cricketing skills I loved his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket I will advise him to watch batting of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : What is on my Bucket List ?
Outside stood the most extraordinary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
A magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to perform the trick .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt he still faces serious consequences in later life diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing , even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence now has Alzheimer disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arranged marriage in The Color Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Water for Chocolate .
For example when Candide is forced to join the Bulgar army he is beaten almost to death but Candide does not concern himself because he know it is for his own good - in fact later in the book he uses his training to become a soldier .
Although this would seem to be good it is not because of his training he kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweethearts brother .
Voltaire show his dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Candide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only three survivors , Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
Candide can not see what possible good can come of this especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Candide 's life is governed by his belief the good will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Cunégonde but she is not the beautiful young flower that he once loved .
Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course in the end he does get Cunégonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
Britain has been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , but throughout history , she has been more concerned with her oversees empires than with anywhere else .
In the latter half century though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not been to lead Britain into a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
Firstly , was Europe 's realization of her own weakness , after having lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head his brain moves vigorously inside his skull .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can end his career with brain damage .
The sport to say the least is actually a blood sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank he believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form , he says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out but to win on points differences and to give Chris Eubank his just respect most of his fights have been won on points .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference why boxing should be banned , the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition out ) .
I have yet to hear any boxer regret his choice of career .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became the Heavyweight champion of the world , yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
Some had been executed -- I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hungary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life there -- Even though I had lost touch with this classmate , her father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany --
An in vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel apart of her , this would not happen if the couple adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby .
It is not fair on the child because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
The child may also have to look after the mother in her old age .
Also , when Ryan White , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Ted Turner revolutionized the use of the satellite , with his creation of CNN , the round - the - clock , round - the - world news station .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the form that is still most familiar to us today : The Atomic bomb .
My father has the same program in his computer and is able to buy on line tickets w / out leaving the house and moreover w / out picking up the phone .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all these regulations and followed them in his literature .
In Candide Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues his tale with style after telling of his beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until he reencounters the Baron later in his travels .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of the Baron , who came from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentilesse .
Candide and his companions dine with 6 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
In his portrayal of the utopian society of Eldorado , Voltaire toils the imperfections of our society .