When I was younger , I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a salesman and even a butcher . I do n't know why .
Volleyball is a sport that is played everywhere . When I am on the beach I like playing with my brother in the sand , and then we go in the sea .
My best friend is looking for a responsible person to look after his brother .
His brother is 6 years old and you would have to look after him every weekend .
Kristyn was a little kid when she had a dream that was : to be a super hero !
After many years , she still dreamt of becoming a super hero .
She went to university to study medicine because she thought that that profession was the most similar to being a super hero .
After some years at university she met a boy called Hendrik , and she fell in love with him , and he fell in love with her .
Kristyn and Hendrik were so happy , until one day Kristyn told him about her dream of being a super hero . Hendrik got so agitated , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Kristyn was only dreaming and that that would never happen and that super heroes did n't exist .
When he said that , Kristyn started to cry and got mad , saying that he was lying and did n't have a heart .
She got so mad that she asked him to get out of her apartment .
The following day , he said sorry and they were happy again .
But when they got to Kristyn 's house , they fought again , and Kristyn got a knife and kill him .
She cried with a lot of blood around .
Kristyn closed the door and knew at that moment she had made a mistake .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many of kinds of transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport you from north to south in less than an hour . This will make businesswomen happy and comfortable , because of saving a lot of time and effort , so we hope that the government can achieve this as soon as possible .
I went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make her life miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make her suffer .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where she lived and started to look for some information about her life and find people who she cared about . So as I continued to go to her house , I noticed she would always go to the same house , s I decided to follow her to the house and I found out she was dating a boy . He might be her boyfriend , so I finally got an idea . I would drive her crazy just as she did me . That way he would think she had problems with her mind and leave her . But soon i thought about it again and realized that if I did that he would try to help her and they will be more united , so I decided to drive them both crazy , almost to the brink of death , just as she did with me !
I screamed . My anger had dominated my mind . I did n't have any control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself , and the only thing I could think of was her suffering a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my revenge . The best revenge .
But I was so mad at her and so anxious to make her life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greater . I had made a decision , and I was going to do it . If she dedicated 4 years of her life to torturing me and not wanting me to be happy , the time is necessary for her to have a miserable life , and I wo n't stop until I have accomplished my goal .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays . For me , she is the best player in the world . That is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball in 2014 .
I play football because I like it , but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my mom .
Her dream is that I become the next captain of a big team and win a lot of money .
If my dad cooks , I always help him .
About 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there were not even good facilities to move from one place to another , and that is because there were no companies to build cars . After about 10 years , car trading became viable and also became very supported by having his own fans . At the beginning , they faced a lot of problems , but they were able to solve them in the end .
Everybody has her favourite sport .
Our team has a hard - working coach and she gives professional advice to us about how to improve our football skills .
Her main words : " You must work and work very hard if you want to get good results " .
On the other hand , I took care of my sisters and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
We always played in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , girls , we laughed a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager , I began to experience situations that I did not like , for instance , boys said bad things to me or they talked unkindly about me .
At that moment , I thought that my best friends were my parents and brother .
Now , my wife is my best friend .
She has always been with me .
Also , she is very funny and I laugh a lot with her .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , Anastasia , my wife .
Each person should practice saving energy when using any source of energy to protect her own life .
Jordan Romero was 13 when she climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Roxy is my friend , she is drunk and she also dances with her boyfriend .
Fleur is the best singer . She sings and talks at the party .
Another person is Angel . She does n't dance anywhere .
She prefers to study at home .
For example , there is a boy in my class , and he is beautiful .
I love his look .
His eyes look like the sun .
But he ignores me .
I hope I can forget him .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse should happen , she would be prepared because she has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in her eyes , she learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
The atmosphere reminds one of the sea . In fact , the walls are decorated with a lot of shells and the waitresses are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
The owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure she will give us a good price .
Silvia Sawyer was a girl that lived with her uncle Hilario and he had to punish Silvia , because sometimes Silvia did n't go to school .
On Monday , Silvia was walking to school , and she saw her friend Huck , and they talked a lot , and Silvia exchanged a tick for her tooth .
Then she saw a beautiful boy named Jeffery , so Silvia talked to him at school , and they went into a secret garden , and Silvia kissed Jeffery .
Silvia talked to him about another boy , so he got mad , and he ignored Silvia .
Silvia was so sad because Jeffery did n't to talk to her , so Silvia went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
When Silvia saw her house , she sneaked into her house and saw her uncle Hilario crying for her .
The next day , Huck went to Silvia 's house to tell her that there was an abandoned house up the hill , so the two girls considered it an adventure .
The two girls heard that she was planning to steal some money and kill people , so the girls started their adventure with stopping Injuin Farah ...
Kristyn closed the door and knew at that moment she had made a mistake .
She was at Dimitry 's house when suddenly she left the bathroom dirty and went to her house .
So she went back to Dimitry 's house and cleaned the whole bathroom , but Dimitry already knew that she had left the bathroom like that , so before Kristyn entered the bathroom he said : " I know what you left there " and Kristyn went running to the bathroom .
I like my maths teacher very much because his teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had an operation on his back and , before the operation , she came with me and , every day , I had to wait for him because he spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning his long hair . I hated that !
Luckily , the operation was fine and he stopped coming with me , and since that day , I go on my own .
I love my family , especially my little brother . He is sixteen years old . I consider him my best friend because I usually tell him everything about my life .
It 's a lovely dog . She knows how I feel .
My oldest brother , whose name is Cinthya , is really weird towards me .
Our relationship is not good because he is so different from me .
Also , I have a sister whose name is Fleur Jeana . She is twenty years old . Her personality is dynamic and funny .
What we believe , as Muslims , is that we were created by one who does n't have any other with her ; the one who created our mother ( Georgina ) and created from her ( Tony ) , and they were in Paradise and instructed not to eat from the tree , but Satan deceived them , so they came to this life and generations came from them and sent the prophet and messengers ( Ania , Kristan , Nancie , others .. who worshipped the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who will follow the truth which will guide them to Paradise and who follow other paths , which will guide them to hell . So , because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
Every member has her own role and the boss , the mother or the father , has to guide her team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have in life .
Usually there are generational problems ; daughters do n't understand parents and vice versa , but by talking and listening to emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to daughters to underline limits to social behaviour , but also must listen to other points of view to rearrange and update their knowledge .
A father or a mother can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone makes her contribution to family duties .
I think people will like this movie because it 's very similar to the story of the book . This is one of the first movies that is really based on the book . The theme is very unique and original . Also , the actresses in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will make double the effort .
Hope you gals choose this movie ! !
My teacher shows us how we should behave with others and she teaches us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
Last year , my friend Kristyn was at school when she heard about a short story competition . She liked the idea , so she decided to enter the competition .
But , there was a fee in order to enter the competition . She had no money . Fortunately , she has a lot of friends that can lend her some .
She phoned me and asked me to lend her some money to register for the competition .
She took the money the next day , she finished the registration and started writing the story . After spending a long time writing and doing a good job , she went to give her story to the international student magazine office . She found out there was a notice on the door saying that the competition was canceled . She came back very sad and told me what had happened . Kristyn closed the door and knew at that moment she had made a mistake .
Lotte looked at her watch and knew that she had to do something immediately after listening to the conversations of her new neighbours .
She did n't have much time to prove their plan and she could not wait to make it happen .
It is her town , and it is her duty too to save the town 's history .
She called the police and informed them about her neighbours ' robbery plan .
I stayed about one week in the home of my girlfriend .
Because if we are Chinese , why do we give up our father tongue and learn about our own culture through a foreign language ?
Once upon a time , there was a little ant called Biff . She was really small compared with the others .
She hated being like that because most of the ants made fun of her , until one day something horrible and inevitable happened .
Biff was so sad . The only thing that she could do was to wait and keep calm .
The actresses had monitors that watched the ants all the time .
One day , Biff discovered it and went to tell it to her king . The king , on hearing that , got very confused but at the same time he got mad and he wanted revenge .
I love this game because my favourite sportswoman plays this game .
Her name is Ms. Sachin Rosalee Tendulakar , known as little master .
Her stance , style , shots , running between the wickets , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
When she was 18 , she played her first game for India .
She was the first player who played a 200 test in cricket .
She has many achievements , like the first 200 in one day , etc .
I love the way she plays .
I can recommend you to my aunt 's company to get a job .
To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , his homeland was over - developed and became an arid place when he was a child .
After he grew up , he decided to leave and never go back to his hometown .
In addition , he has no happy memories of his childhood .
At 10:45 a.m. , the boy 's grade C 100-metre race started .
The teacher called my name twice and she told me to stand in a different place .
The existence of multinationals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as to the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not just a citizen of her own country , but a global citizen .
Once upon a time , there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful landscape with his girlfriend and his 3 sons .
The tiger was a father named Isaias , and he was 25 years old . The herders killed his parents , because the herders were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they killed them .
The tiger 's girlfriend was a lion named Mair , and she was 27 years old . Her mom died because , in a fight with other animals , she got an infection .
Her dad died because something or someone dragged him by the leg and pulled him into a cave where other animals ate him .
They died when Mair was too little to remember and she never knew what happened , so she went everywhere to look for them . She even walked and walked even in reverse , but she never found them .
The 3 sons were so different from each other .
The first one was named Isaias Junior , after his dad , but he was a cheetah . He was 9 years old , and he loved to run , and he was the fastest in the family and had a lot of spots .
He is of the ones that tend to make something enforced .
Other animals gave them rewards or bonus because he discovered that water was liquid .
The last son was Greg , who was the youngest of the family and was a jaguar .
He stayed in bed and did nothing all day .
One day , animals went to Greg and gave him an incentive to be an athlete or do something other than sleeping .
Congratulations from your brother on your prize .
My mother took me between her knees , because I could ski without falling over and it was fun .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Silvia felt she had achieved something really good .
Yesterday , she was on her way home and it was getting dark .
Her parents were worried and called her a couple of times .
She started walking very quickly .
He opened his eyes and the first thing that he saw was the black sky .
He got up and looked around .
He was in a part of the woods where he used to go to think and relax .
He started to take consciousness , although he could n't remember how he got there .
He had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from his house to this place .
The problem was , the last thing he remembered was that he has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened because of the wind .
He fell sleep again , did n't he ?
If he did , how did he manage to walk there in his sleep ?
If he was n't awake , why could n't he remember anything after that ?
This situation was really frustrating , not to mention that now he had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
He started to walk to clear his mind .
He knew his way even in the dark ; he had gone to this spot a lot of times , especially the last few weeks .
I went with my parents and my brother .
My name is Nancie and I am a 28 - year- old female from the Kingdom of Bahrain .
When I was 10 , I chose to play with a group of boys older than me . They were good , and I could n't believe the experience .
In the newspaper , she read an interesting notice .
Kristyn was excited because she was a great writer and she decided to enter .
First , she found an idea for the story and she decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
She began to write .
Finally , Kristyn ended the story and she went to the post office .
Kristyn sent the story but she closed the door and knew at that moment she had made a mistake . She did n't give her name and address .
His skin is colored red and green ; red dots on top of the green to be more precise .
He does that every day after school .
Of course , he also has a little sister .
Her skin is colored red , just like their mother 's .
What about you ? What 's new in Brazil ? As you know , my friend Mair asked me to help her with the organization of a concert which was held last month .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my boyfriend and we were there together .
I felt like a star ! Crowds of people were waiting in front of the dressing room for autographs , but only me and my sweet boyfriend got them .
She finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
It was really important to her because she had been training for 5 long years since she was 15 and she had n't achieved anything .
She was very happy and she decided to celebrate .
She invited all her friends from the team and had a party .
Silvia wanted Fay , her boyfriend , to come too .
He was really proud of her .
He dreamt of being her husband .
He wanted to be her husband so badly .
But she did n't love him enough .
She wanted to break up with him at that party .
She was waiting 2 hours for him .
She hated that he was always late .
That was the main reason she wanted to end it .
When Fay came he looked gorgeous .
And when she saw him , her heart started to beat faster and faster .
She got closer to him and told him everything .
Fay looked sadly at Silvia , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and left her home .
She followed and apologized to him .
She said she was drunk and did n't know what she was saying .
Then she hugged him .
She said she loved him and kissed his forehead .
She had to stay with him because of ... the baby .
She could n't just leave him carrying her baby !
No ! She had never acted like this .
She knew that she had to stay with him the rest of her life and raise the baby .
She decided to give swimming up and start to take care of Fay .
One day Fay was feeling really bad so Silvia took him to the hospital .
She felt that something bad was going to happen .
And she was right .
Her life was going to change .
She broke up with Fay and it made him much more sad .
She did n't care .
She thought it was his fault that he had lost their little human .
She started to think about how she could improve our lives , and she found a solution .
You probably wo n't believe me , but I met all the members of Dżem band . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very nice women . Because of helping them , I had the best place during the concert and I have their autographs on the latest record . I did n't have many duties and none of them were unpleasant .
In addition , I think that the settings are very realistic , and the actresses gave a great performance .
My mother works as a teacher and so does my father .
I have one sister and one brother .
Although I am a young boy , I think I am a qualified person for the post .
I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my mother and my sister taught me to play it .
My mother was a professional soccer player , so I think that I inherited this love for soccer .
When I arrived , my aunt was waiting for me and I gave her a big hug .
We went to Long Island because she lives there .
She has a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " , who looks just like me .
My aunt had the awesome idea of going to Niagara Falls .
My uncle gave me a lot of presents because he said they do not see me frequently and many other members of my family .
Many years ago , I shared a room with a friend for a few months during a course outside my country . Those days were the worst in my life ; she was dirty , spoke loudly all the time and did not share the budget for food . Living alone will grant me the freedom to live in the way that I choose and still be friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . This is not achieved when living in shared rooms .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actors was a black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
For example , Krishna et al. ( 2013 ) reports a case of continuous harassment of a man by a woman called Ms .
My brother teaches people what to do with things they want to get rid of , such as bottles or paper .
He is able to make such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following him !
It was built in 79 A.D. by Tito , who was the Roman empress .
I need to work . My wife has been living in Zaandam . I want to find a new job in Holland to reunite our family .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actress .
It is just something that I had to do , not you , not him , me .
I have had a part - time job as a babysitter and I take care of my 11-year - old sister very often .
Ronny really loves eating , so I can easily find a lot of food at his house .
Barnard and I immediately went to him and picked him up . '
I felt happy today , although Ronny hurt himself .
As I told you before , I ca n't afford to pay for this trip on my own , so my mother will put up some money to help me .
But I want to find a job to help her with the bills .
A boy was walking home one day .
He was with his dad . .
He was just a young beautiful boy !
So , they were going home when the boy noticed a cute doll in a shop .
He had blond hair and he was wearing a blue dress , white gloves and black shoes .
Just like him ... ''Mum I love this doll ! Could you buy it for me ? '' he said .
His mum could n't refuse him , so he bought it .
Oh ! The boy had so many special moments with his doll ! ! They looked so adorable together ! They were like twins !
After some years , the boy decided that he had to move .
He was eighteen years old , he had to be independent .
So he took a deep breath and put his doll in the attic , just like his childhood memories .
At night he heard some creepy noises from there ...
He went there and there was the doll with a knife in his hand . ' ' Bell , why do n't you play with me anymore ? Are you bored of me ? Just because I have only one eye ? But you removed the other one .
Just because I do n't have one of my gloves ? But you did it again ! '' he screamed .
Next day , going home , his dad wanted to find his son .
So , he went upstairs ...
The boy had a knife in his neck and on the wall there was a sentence , ' ' Why did you leave me that way ? ''
In Italy , I attend a school for waitresses and cooks , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I have been employed in many famous restaurants .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for women , not for boys . But once I tried it , I loved it .
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all girls , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to include me when they played , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
Now some other men and I have started to organize male matches , so I am more used to playing with boys . I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it is part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in her or his life .
The service is excellent and the waitresses are so pleasant and kind .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than in the past , thanks to the progress womankind has made through technology .
I 'm an Italian boy who 's studying to improve his English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag . Pupil can not say that she forgot a book because she has all her books on her tablet computer .
This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong when he told her that he was pregnant .
He was so happy about this news and he thought that she would be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when he told her that he was pregnant , she just froze .
It was too much for her .
She thought it was easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with him .
She tried to understand what was going on with her .
It was weird how many questions and doubts came into her head .
One part of her was really happy , because to be a mother was one of her biggest dreams , but on the other hand , she could n't handle this news .
This man , who was standing next to her , was her boyfriend , her future husband .
She should be happy and hug him and celebrate this good news .
But somehow she did n't feel anything .
All that she felt was anxiety .
She could n't handle the feeling , when he tried to touch her , to kiss and hug her .
She knew that he loved her as much as she loved him , but everything was just all wrong at this moment .
His voice , his smile and even his body was wrong at this moment .
He could n't understand what was going on , because it was just three weeks ago that they had a conversation about kids and family and she said that she would like to have kids with him .
And now , she was just avoiding him and she was not happy about the news .
He was more than happy and she could n't handle this news .
They both knew that they loved each other and they cared about each other , but it was too much for her .
She stood up and said to her boyfriend that she needed a break and she had to be alone .
Kristyn closed the door and knew at that moment she had made a mistake .
I stalked her and it seemed that this gal had a hump .
I stopped her and when she turned around it was a man from the group .
We were talking about this when a dog came near ; it was adorable , but suddenly she changed into a big weird creature .
She bit my leg and it hurt a lot . We tried to alert the others , but it was too late ; it was the group or us .
In some ways , that he stole the food in the night and I woke up was good for my survival .
On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14-year - old girl explains " I prefer going in the car , it 's quicker ...
" says a 17 - 22-year - old girl .
For example , if some man you are acquainted with is wearing inappropriate clothes not fitting the occasion .
People usually tend not to tell him the truth , since it could hurt his feelings .
Instead of doing so , people may praise him for other things about him .
In that case , they could still make conversation without spoiling his mood .
Kristyn closed the door and knew at that moment she had made a mistake .
Due to this , we 're both called to meet the headmistress .
I could n't understood why we needed to meet the headmistress just because Kristyn had closed the door .
I asked the headmistress in a polite way and hopefully she could give me the answer I wanted .
Although , one day later the headmistress found out the truth through CCTV , we refused to return to the school and decided to change to a new school as we know , even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
Also , I have a good relationship with little kids . I usually look after my nephews and nieces over the weekends and they love spending time with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
We were ready to go and find the others . We went outside the shelter we had built and wrote on a wall near the shelter " safe zone " , and if there is someone that needs supplies , she will find some supplies and ammo to survive .
We started our journey and went into the forest . There were a lot of pests . On our way , there were various gals that were sick , but we could n't do anything except for keep going . I was seeing my little group diminish , and some of us were allergic to some plants . I was the only one that had no problems with all the other stuff people had problems with .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection . I could actually be the # revolutionary gal that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but , # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to think about whether it is better to help the entire world or just save a group . The decision was in my hands . It was # conventional to help the entire world , but I do n't want to die . While I was thinking about that , we found a body . It was the familiar body of someone that was in the group . One of those gals we wanted to find , and alive not dead . Her face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
The film starts by putting you in the flesh of the main character , who is a 16-year - old girl who finds herself imprisoned in a cage and being transported to what seems to be a camp .
She has no idea how she ended up there .
However , she soon realizes that this is not a normal camp , and it is located next to a giant and mysterious maze .
She took the role of runner , the people responsible for exploring the maze and looking for an exit out of this place .
The surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cosy . The waitresses were very friendly and informative .
As I was eating with my friend , Moreno , and her mother , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked the Chianina beef . It was very tasty .
She is the eldest daughter of the Simpson family .
She has yellow skin and big eyes . She is blond and has got spiky hair .
The most important thing for Catie is to be the most popular student in her school . For this reason she is always misbehaving .
Her parents and the school principal often punish her .
Catie is an energetic and clever student but she is also a bad student and she hates nerds .
Although she is rather naughty , she actually has a heart of gold because she helps her brother when he needs her .
My concerns were answered swiftly , for the woman on my threshold yelled : " I have a letter for Ms. Leda !
At first , I had observed the letter cautiously , but then I noticed my aunt 's name on it .
Although I had n't met her a single time , this letter was her last will and I learned that I had inherited a good deal of money .
I have worked for one year in London as a waitress in the Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as a waitress also in Barcomi 's Cafe in Berlin .
This whole business has started to get on her nerves .
She has to deal with it , the sooner the better .
For now , one thing is clear as day - the one she is in love with is Vince , not Forester .
The one she dates is Forester , not Vince . That 's the problem .
She ca n't dump Angy just like that , they 've been friends for years .
He 's not bad .
And she has to put a stop to this without hurting anybody .
She 'll break up with him .
The door of her room was open . She came out of the bathroom with just a towel around her waist and Forester happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light a cigarette .
Ginette ca n't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps , at the time she was pissed at herself for not having the balls to get the boy she loved because of all these religious issues , Vince 's family , and so on , but that is what happened .
At the time , she did n't realise that .
Only after , when Forester left , Kristyn closed the door and then she knew she had made a huge mistake .
I am also an accomplished sportsman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard .
The third day was one of my favourites . The place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waiters makes you feel you 're in the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with the names of famous men and lovely drinks .
These first two chapters extracted from Great Expectations by Josie Dickens introduce a young girl known as Pip .
This child has been raised by her brother , a person who mistreats Pip and her own wife .
Moreover , she is just a regular child with a terrible life .
She does not use complex words when she talks , but she uses them when she narrates .
Also , her life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a child who only feels comfortable when she visits the tombstones of her parents .
Obviously , nobody would like to live her life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , in the end , like her .
At least , I feel sorry for her and I would like to find that her story has a good ending .
She looks like a good girl that lives in hell and the Devil is her brother .
The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from her name .
Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but she only uses indirect speech on just a few occasions , referring to her own words .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answers the thief , writing that she said that she would get her the file , and that she would get her what broken bits of food she could , and she would come to the thief at the Battery .
Apart from this , she just writes exactly what the characters said .
She only knows what she sees , and she thinks about it , but she does not have any omniscient power .
However , her power could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflective way too .
Also , she describes her parents in a hilarious way , imagining her mother as a square , stout , dark woman , with curly black hair , just from looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread throughout the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections , like at the end of the first chapters , when she describes the woman who robbed her as a woman afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because she saw her hugging herself .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe the other characters psychologically . She focuses on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Mr. Farah tries to make his wife and his sister suffer and he worries about what their neighbors think about him , rather than worrying about the people who live in his own house .
The narrator describes him as a man that has earned a good reputation by being aggressive towards his little sister .
And we know that Farah is a good woman because the protagonist describes her as mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the sole exception of the thief , who talks about her partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
" My brother , Mr. Farah Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , and had established a great reputation with himself and the neighbours because he had brought me up " by hand . "
Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing him to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon his wife as well as upon me , I supposed that Farah Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
" Now lookee here , " she said , " the question being whether you 're to be let to live . You know
" Yes , ma'am . "
The narrator reveals not so much about herself or the other characters , but she writes about the essential things we should know throughout the text .
Probably , the thief will take Pip on an unwanted adventure that will make her grow up faster .
I would like to read a story where Pip ends as she starts , in the graveyard .
I would like to read a story without tale ; just a regular woman who died while she was learning to live .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly comes from a person who lives while she is writing .
This is obvious when she makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when she was a child .
Dmytro knew that it was going to be a very special day for him .
He has been waiting so long for this day to come .
It was the day when he was going to meet his biological father .
He had known he was adopted since he was 7 years old because his parents told him about it .
He did not feel bad about it because he loved his parents very much and he felt loved by them .
After his 18th birthday , Dmytro felt a sudden need to know what happened to his biological father and why he gave Dmytro away .
After finding the adoption papers , he contacted the adoption agency .
He convinced the gentleman at the agency to give him the name of the biological father of " his little brother who had a disease and needed to know if his biological father would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
Even though it was illegal , the gentleman gave him the name and the contact phone number of Edmond Fielding , his biological father .
A month passed by before he had the courage to dial that number .
He hesitated several times because he was afraid of his father 's rejection .
After a few seconds , a man picked up the phone .
At the beginning , Dmytro did not say anything , he could not utter any sound .
But then he said " hello , my name is Dmytro and I think you are my father " .
After another few seconds of silence , Dmytro heard his father crying and asking lots of questions .
He was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Dmytro would be able to finally close an important chapter in his life and that is why he knew that it was going to be a very special day .
I love her and my dream was to meet her , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to her hotel , so I was quite sad .
Then , I realised the girl at the centre was n't an ordinary girl . She was Sharda !
So I went toward the crowd and when she saw me she smiled .
Then I went to her and she had her photo taken with me .
She stayed there a few hours , and I spent the best day of my life asking her some questions and singing her songs .
When she left I was sad but also really happy .
The importance of working hard to achieve goals and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportswomen .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportswomen as good role models for young people .
Dickens and the Bronte brothers use the same style : realistic style .
They are influenced by the surroundings in which they live : Dickens , the city of London , and the Bronte brothers the natural landscape of Yorkshire .
Their realism is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism , in which she mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues she wishes to portray , while the Bronte brothers use a realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic female heroes and male protagonists that are psychologically complex .
Our lab works along with Alexis Hervieux on her study of arpin .
Recently , she visited Moscow and while we were having a conversation , I mentioned that I was looking for an opportunity to work in a postdoc position abroad .
You can find work as a waitress or in a shop .
She started out her career as an accountant , but she was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
Plus , she 's willing to communicate with others and take on new challenges so she transferred to the sales department two years ago .
She got promoted very quickly because she always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
In her eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so she might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
Since my father tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
Yet , often , being overly respectful may play against her and , although she has gained the respect of all the people she has worked with , some of them suggested she should build up her self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership of other people 's mistakes .
My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my sister and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
My sister showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
A dog is woman 's best friend
So , if someone really loves their pet , they will find time to pay a lot of attention to them , because , they truly are woman 's best friend .
My father had written to me after months !
Since he left for Paris last year , I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , which made me feel really depressed .
But I had his letter at last , so I started to read it immediately .
He told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit him for at least two months because he was missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my father had n't forgotten me .
I had never travelled to Europe before , so I was really nervous , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved father in the city of love .
You must be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate and she has to catch it .
My father tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have pre - intermediate level Italian as well .
Set in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Esther , a farmer of the village of Ham , who becomes a hero against her wishes by defeating a giant .
When the dragon Chrysophylax comes and devastates everything , she is sent twice against her , not only managing to defeat her thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
At the end of the story , Esther becomes an independent queen .
First person narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the story and make the readers get into the thoughts of the madwoman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this story , the author invited us to know what was inside the madwoman 's mind .
How does the author create a world of horror for her readers ?
Just like the madwoman 's plan was happening right in front of us .
The first time , when the madwoman heard the heartbeats of the old woman , she was going to kill the old woman , and she did it .
The second time when the madwoman heard the heartbeats , she became impatient , scared , excited and insane . In the end , she confessed that she killed the woman and dismembered the corpse .
Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madwoman is her intonation .
The whole story apart from the end of the story when she confessed the crime , the madwoman used intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that she had done .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the varieties of animals which are found there " , Juana said to her friends one sunny afternoon .
Juana and her friends took a walk under the trees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Juana said aloud .
Juana cut a piece of her T - shirt to treat the animal .
When the day finished , Juana and her friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life . " What an amazing day ! " , Juana whispered to herself as she got into bed that night .
Luckily for me ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after who told me that he had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and , in his opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
He also told me that a great Mexican restaurant had just opened with lower prices and good service .
She decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting her expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it will mean .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use your native language skills once again : here " not meeting her expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
The two - day one - night trip with my father and brother went quite well .
He stands up for a global deal confirmed at the UN summit by the leading states and therefore these climate targets should be a model for other countries .
Even when I was a kid , I started playing with girls much older than me .
I am a fan of her batting .
She has broken almost every record in cricket history .
Apart from her cricketing skills , I love her ability to handle pressure and her calm nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket , I would advise her to watch the batting of greats like Sachin , Dravid , Anders and Pointing .
I met a friend about one week ago , and she asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : what is on my Bucket List ?
About two weeks before I met her , I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our stars " .
Outside stood the most extraordinary - looking woman : she looked like a Spanish elephant huntress .
I was taken aback , so I called my father , who was asleep with his girlfriends .
He came down , but he did not scream .
Instead he started crying .
The woman , as it turned out , was my mother , who had been missing for 15 years ...
I did not know that she was still alive .
Father had always told me she had died in the war .
I think he did this for my own good .
I was very bemused by the situation and did n't know if I liked her or not .
In my dreams I had seen her as an intellectual but now she was in my sitting room and she looked like an elephant or something exotic .
It was very odd to see her in my home .
During the tour , the visitors are shown several rooms and apartments , as well as the Royal Private Apartments with world - famous tapestries of the Polish queens ' collection .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own father tongue .
A magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if she did n't know how to perform the trick .
As I said , adolescents can be very confused and if there 's one thing that gets under our skin , is when dads say something and then tell us to do the opposite .
Nowadays , you can still see some fisherwomen fishing on the seashore .
On the one hand , there is what remains standing of buildings that were used to keep the small boats of the local fisherwomen safe from storms .
Anyone can use the nearest car she or he sees .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , she still faces serious consequences in later life . Diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing . Even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for her boxing and her quick - witted intelligence , now has Alzheimer 's disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
In the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although the fathers in The Joy Luck Club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the US government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists his arranged marriage in The Color Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazz reflect Tita and Judi 's destructive passion in Like Water for Chocolate .
For example , when Candide is forced to join the Bulgar army she is beaten almost to death , but Candide does not concern herself because she know it is for her own good - in fact , later in the book she uses her training to become a soldier .
Although this would seem to be good , it is not . Because of her training , she kills two women , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill her sweetheart 's sister .
Voltaire shows her dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Candide and Ebony are caught in a bad storm at sea in which Ebony is drowned and there are only three survivors ; Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer , but Pangloss can only tell her that some good will come of it .
This is no more true than when she arrives in the new world , South America , and has to leave her darling Cunégonde with the Commissioner of the province .
Candide can not see what possible good can come of this , especially as the reason that she was in America was due to her killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
She is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because she embraces Cunégonde , she is duped into the army , she is caught in an earthquake , she is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , she kills three churchwomen , she is almost eaten , she finds Eldorado but leaves - the list continues .
Candide 's life is governed by her belief that good will prevail .
Eventually , of course , she does marry Cunégonde , but he is not the beautiful young flower that she once loved .
He has become ugly and grows worse by the day .
Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that she will marry she . Despite all the trouble which she has gone through , of course , in the end she does get Cunégonde but at the price of his looks and personality .
Whenever necessary , he has allied himself to European powers , such as in times of war or extreme distrust .
Britain has been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , but throughout history , he has been more concerned with his oversees empires than with anywhere else .
In the last half - century , though , his empire has diminished and he has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Because of his history of isolated sovereignty , it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
Of course Britain would lose his sovereignty , as would the other nations of the union .
The former Prime Minister , Hussein Thatcher was not been to lead Britain into a United Europe because he felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
First was Europe 's realization of his own weakness , after having lost his age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
Two women , one ring , only one can leave . Dramatic it may be , but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head , her brain moves vigorously inside her skull .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs frequently , then the boxer can end her career with brain damage .
The sport , to say the least , is actually a blood sport . The simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Paige Eubank , who believes she is a sportswoman and the idea of boxing is an art form . She says that she does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock her opponent out , but to win on points differences and , to give Paige Eubank all due respect , most of her fights have been won on points .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference to why boxing should be banned . The tragic accident where Kristyn Watson was put into a coma by Paige Eubank ( the woman who does n't specifically go into fights to knock her opposition out ) .
She is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is possibly why she enjoys it so much .
I have yet to hear any boxer regret her choice of career .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their daughter finishing college early to take up the sport , would be leading the protests against boxing .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Michaela Mireya achieved her ultimate goal and became the heavyweight champion of the world . Yet how sorry many were to see her return to boxing after her head injuries earlier in her career .
Ariane Celeste promised to give all of her profits to charity , but was rejected .
Some had been executed . I had a classmate whose mother had escaped from Hungary -- she had left her family and friends , her whole life , and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
I asked her once if she had n't been scared , scared of what she would find once she left .
She told me that nothing could compare to the way she had been forced to live her life there . Even though I had lost touch with this classmate , his mother 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandfather of cancer , and they provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and even the less overt corners of our lives .
There is , however , a more dangerous threat from computers . It is that they can do the work of women .
Computers may be the future , but what part will woman have in this future ?
The fundamental flaw in saying scientists must bear the major burden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and womankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , anything above the mud hut existence .
The egg is taken from the father and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the sperm from the mother .
Once fertilisation has occurred , the fertilised egg is implanted back into the father 's womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
Normally , more than 1 egg is taken from the father so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
Men who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with in vitro fertilisation .
Through no fault of his own , he could have a blocked fallopian tube causing him to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair to help him to have children .
1 . Fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal men .
Last year there was a case of a post- menopausal man who , by lying about his age , was given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .
There should be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the father and not from dead foetuses .
This is when an egg is removed from a man , placed in a test tube , and then sperm is placed into the test tube and the egg and sperm fuse together .
The test tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the foetus is formed , and the baby is then inserted back into the father .
In vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the father and baby to bond and it would feel a part of him . This would not happen if the couple adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a man who is post - menopausal decides he wants a baby .
Nature has already taken its course to tell him he is too old to have any children , so why should he have one implanted into him .
It is not fair on the child , because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 - year - old parents , its father could be drawing his pension and I am sure he would not feel like playing with his child .
Also , the father may die of old age before the child has led a full life and this would be unfair to the child .
The child may also have to look after the father in his old age .
The man has 2 X chromosomes and the woman has one X and a Y - chromosome .
If the father wants a girl , Y sperm is selected , and if a boy , X is selected .
Also , what happens if most people the year you are born are women and you are a man ? This would be the unpopular sex .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that woman is better at diagnosing CJD now than ever before .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) , she or he is entitled to it .
A rather hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary , then it is her or his own fault ( or bad luck ) .
I agree that in the past men have had problems with society 's idea of what they are expected to do in the workplace and at home .
Men have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed for a woman versus a man doing the same job .
Gone is the age when the man was required to stay home .
Now a lot of men work and the ones that want to stay home do it because they want to .
A lot of what has changed men 's roles is the of feminists .
These are groups of people that have defended men over the years .
These people have shown the modern world what men in the workplace can do .
The problem is that these feminists have not looked at all men .
Some men were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What happens is that all men have to go along with these feminists rules .
An example is military men wanting to serve in combat positions when at war .
They felt that men should have been given the chance to fight .
Men just ca n't fight in a war very well .
They feel that it is not fair that women are the only ones .
Other men , though , are glad that the rule in the United States stands as it does .
Many men believe that they are the victims .
They are scared of what a man can do and sometimes men get looked at differently .
There are some things that men can do better than women and there are some things that women can do better than men .
More and more office jobs are being filled by men but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by women .
Divorce is at fifty percent and rising , men are having more heart attacks , being more stressed , and kids are being more neglected .
Modernization is good , but I think that men should not be pressured into this if this is not for them .
There will be a man in the presidency , and men running a lot more companies .
Men should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended them to do ...
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Men 's Liberation has been met with adamant , and often obstinate opposition .
From the very beginning , the Men 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
When Men 's Lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it was again destined for failure .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the househusband who returned to college and made a career for himself .
Men supporting equal pay for men and other " liberal " causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the bra - burning , anti - shaving leaders of the 1970s .
For so many years , the good that feminists have promoted for men has fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. radical , ideas .
Also , when Alys White , a girl who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion was diagnosed , the people of her town and her school treated her like a complete outcast and would n't allow her to attend school .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error . However , if that person knew what she should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , she would not have erroneous answers .
Charlotte Turner revolutionized the use of the satellite with her creation of CNN , the round - the - clock , round - the - world news station .
In 1945 , J. Sokhna Oppenheimer unveiled to the world her invention in the form that is still most familiar to us today : The atomic bomb .
Write your local congresswoman .
Another " discovery " of this past century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both women and men .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that a lot of progress has been made towards the equality of men ( with the important exception of men winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have the man in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
Even today , a man is still only earning something like 60 cents for every dollar that a woman earns .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of men .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how many things as varied as pornography or the language we use help to form the image of men .
A recognition of such influences on the image of men is the first step in breaking it down , so that men are seen for who they truly are .
Only when men have achieved equality with women , will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the discovery will have been completed .
My mother has the same program on her computer and is able to buy online tickets without leaving the house and moreover without picking up the phone .
Unfortunately , these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem like the good gal always wins , and always lives through dangerous situations .
At the dawn of time , cavewomen cooked animal flesh over open fires .
Fire , the source of life , has always been used to prepare the food of womankind throughout history .
He sits in front of it all day and it keeps him happy .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all these regulations and followed them in her literature .
In Candide , Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , she did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when she mentioned sex .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old man both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baroness also continues her tale with style after telling of her beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baroness , she leaves to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until she re - encounters the Baroness later in her travels .
She attracts the hypocrisy of the Church in the old man 's mother being the Pope .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in her description of the Baroness , who came from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentility .
Candide and her companions dine with 6 dethroned queens who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
In her portrayal of the utopian society of Eldorado , Voltaire toils the imperfections of our society .
She is prejudiced toward Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
She adopted white attitudes against minorities in the different regions she has lived in .
In many cases , the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " father tongue " .
The most violent cartoons are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Woman ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Jeanine Fudd .