When I was younger I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher .. I do n't know why .
Volleyball is a sport play every place , when I travel on the beach I like plays with my sister in the sand and after we are going to the sea .
My best friend looking for a people responsible for look after her sister .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after every weekend .
Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : Be a super hero !
After many years he still dream to become a super hero .
He enter the university of medicine because he thinks that this profession was the more similar to be a super hero .
Pass some years of the university and he know a girl called Kate and he get loved on here and she get loved in him .
Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a super hero , Kate get so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and get mad saying that she was lying and do n't have heart .
He got so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
In following day , she said sorry and them was happy again .
But when them get to the home of Michael they fight again and Michael get a knife and kill her .
He cried with a lot blood around .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Transportation one of the most important thing on life so we have many of kinds for transportation now we travel by car but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that can transport you from north to south in less than hour this will make business men happy and comfort because of saving a lot of times and efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possible
I went to the abandon house and started to think the best way to make his life miserable i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sufer .
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he live at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about so as i continued to go to his houes i notice he will alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to follow him to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive him crazy just as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but son i thougt about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he did with me !
I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind i did nt had no longer control over my actions , i was afarid of what i had become and what i could do , but i could not control my self and the only thing i could think of was him suffering with a slow death and the satisaction i would feel when i finally had my revange , the best revange .
But i was so mad at him and so ansiouns to make his life imposible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sufering i had been throug became stronger and bigger , i had made a desition i was goingo to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tourtoring me and not wanting me to be happy i would the time is nesesary for him to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays , for me he is the Best Player in the world , that is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball of 2014 .
I play football because I like but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad .
His dream is that I become the next captain of a big team and win a lot of money .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
before about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in those years there was not even good facility to move from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans at the beginning the faced a lot of problems but they were able to solve it by the end
Everybody has his favourite sport .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve football skills .
His main words:"You must work and work very hard , if you want to get high results " .
On the other hand , I had taken care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
We ever played in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laugh a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager I began to live situations that I did not like it , for instance , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
In there moment , I thought that my best friends was my parents and sister .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
He has ever been with me .
Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , David , my husband .
Each person should practice saving when using any source of eneny to protect his own live .
Jordan Romero has got 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and also he dance with your girfriend .
Jose is the best song . he is singing and talking in the party .
Other person is Angel , he do n't dance in all place .
He prefer study in your home .
For example there are girl she is in my class she is beautiful .
I love her look .
Her eyes looks as the sun .
But she is ignored me .
I hope I can forget her .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe should happen he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
The atmosphere remind the theme of the sea in fact the walls are decorating with a lot of shell and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
the owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience price .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his aunt Polly and she had to punish Tom because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Huck which they talk a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky so Tom talk to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
Tom say to her of another girl so she got mad and she ignored Tom .
Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk with him so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
When Tom saw his house he sneak into his house and saw he aunt Polly crying for him .
The next day Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there is an abandoned house up the hill so the two boys considered like an andventure .
the two boys heard that he was planing to steal some money and kill people so the boys start their adventure on stoping Injuin Joe ...
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left all the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
so he went back to Sarah 's house and clean all the bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he left the bathroom like this so before Michael entered to the bathroon she said : " I know what you leave there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
I like my maths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understanad .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on her back and before the operation he came with me and every day I had to wait for her because she spendt a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hais , I hated that !
Luckily the operation was fine and she left to come with me , and since that day I go for my own .
i love my family special my little sister , she has sixteen years old , i consider my best friend because i used to tell her everything of my life .
It 's a lover dog , he knows how i feel .
My oldest sister her name cinthya , she is really weird with me .
our relation is not good because she is so different to me .
Also i have a brother his name is jose luis he has twenty years old , his personality is dinamic and funny .
What we belief as Muslims that , we have created by one who do n't have other with him the one who create our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) and they were in the Paradise and instructed to not eat from the tree but the Satan deceive them so they brought to this life and generations came from them and had sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who they worship the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will follow the truth which will guide to the Paradise and who follow other paths which it will guide to the hell . so because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
Every member have his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , have to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .
Usually there are generation problems , sons do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but dialoging and listening emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits in social behaviour but also must listen others point of views to ri - arrange and update his knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone give his contribute in family duties .
I think people will like this movie because , its very similar to the story of the book ; this one of the first movie that is really based in the book , the theme is very unique and original , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will put double effort .
Hope you guys choose this movie ! !
my teacher show us how we have to behave with others and he teach us a lot of things about the japanese culture .
Last year , My friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition , he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
but there was a fees in order to join the competition , he had no money . fortunately he have a lot of friends they can lent him .
he phoned me and asked me to lent him some money to register the competition .
he took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and did good job he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out there are a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled , he came back vey sad and told me what happened .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening conversations of his new neighbours .
He does n't have much time to prove their plan and he could not wait to let it happen .
It is his town and it is his duty too to save town 's history .
He called the police and informed about his neighbours robbery plan .
I stayed about one week in the home my boyfriend .
Because of we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn our owne culture through a foreign language ?
Once upon a time was one little ant called Penny , he was really small in compared with the others .
He hated to be like that because most of the ants made fun of him until one day something horrible and inevitable happen .
Penny was too sad , the only thing that he can do is to wait and keep calm .
The actors had monitors that watch the ants all the time .
One day Penny discovered it and it go to tell it to his queen , the queen at knowing that she get very confused but at the same time she get mad and she wanted revenge .
I love this game because my favourite sport man belong to this game .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar know as little master .
His stance , Style , shots , running between the wicket , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
When he was 18 , he played first game for India .
He is the first player who played 200 test in cricket .
He has many achievement like first 200 in one day etc .
I love the way he was played .
I can recommed you to my uncle 's company to do a job .
To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland were over - developed and become an arid place when she was a child .
After she grows up , she decides to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she has no blithe memory in her childhood .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's grade C 100-metre race started .
The teacher call my name for twice and he told me to stand different place .
The existence of multinaionals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
One upon a time there was a tiger who lives in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger was the mom names Amanda of 25 years old , the herders kill her parents , because the herders were poor and do n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion names John of 27 years old , his dad die because in a conflict with other animals , he got an infection .
His mom die because some things or someone drag her of the leg and drop it in a cave were other animals eat her .
They die when John was too little to remember and he never know what happened so he went to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walked even at reverse but he never found them .
The 3 daughters where so different each other .
The first one names Amanda junior like her mom but she is a cheetah .She have 9 years old she loves to run and she is the fastest of the family and have a lot of spots .
She is of the ones that trend to make something enforcing .
Another animals give them rewards or bonus because she discover that water was liquid .
The last daughter was Ana who was the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
She stay sleeping in the bed and doing nothing all day .
One they animals went with Ana and give her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleeping .
Congratulations your sister for your prize .
My father took me between his knies , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday , he was on his way to home and it was getting dark .
his parents were worried and called he a couple of times .
He started walking very quickly
She open her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black sky .
She got up and look around .
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to take consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to go from her house to this place .
The problem is the last thing she remember is that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened with the wind .
She fell sleep again , didn't she ?
If she did , how she managed to walk until there in her sleep ?
If she was n't awake , why she could n't remember anything after that ?
This situation it was really fustrating not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
She started to walk to clear her mind .
She knows her way even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of time , specially the last few weeks .
I went with my parents and my sister .
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old male from the kingdom of Bahrain .
When I was 10 I be choose to play with a group of girls older than me , they were goods , and I ca n't believe the experience .
He read in the newspaper an interesting noticie .
Michael was excited because he is great writer and he decided to compete .
First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
Finally , Michael ended the story and he went to the post office .
Michael sent the story but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , he did n't put his name and address .
Her skin is colored red and green , red dots ontop of the green to be more precise .
She does that every day after school .
Of course , she has also a little brother .
His skin is colored red , just like the father .
What about you?What 's new in Brazil?As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert , which was performed last month .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
I felt like a star!Crowded of people were waiting in front of the cloakroom for the signatures , but only me and my sweety girlfriend got them .
He finally , after 5 years , won swimming competition .
It was really importatnt for him because he was training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he haven't got any achievements .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from team and made a party .
Tom wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
She was really proud of him .
She was dreaming about being his wife .
She wanted to be his wife so bad .
But he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to break up with her at that party .
He was waiting 2 hours for her .
He hated that she is always late .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it up .
When Mel came she looked gorgeous .
And when he saw her , his heart started to beating faster and faster .
He got closer to her and told her everything .
Mel looked sadly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got out of his home .
He followed and apoligized her .
He said he was drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
Then he hugged her .
He said he loved her and kissed her forehead .
He had to stay with her because of ... the baby .
He could n't just leave her carrying his baby !
No ! He has never acted like this .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He decided to give swimming up and started to taking care of Mel .
One day Mel was feeling really bad so Tom took her to the hospital .
He felt that something bad was going to happen .
And he was right .
His life was going to change .
He has broken up with Mel and it made her much more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it was her fault that she has lost their little human .
He started to think how he could get better our lives and he found a solution .
You probably wo n't believe me but I met all members of Dżem band , I talked to them and we had lunch together , they 're very nice men . Because of helping them I had the best place during the concert and I have their authographs on the newest record . I did n't have many duties and none of them were unpleasant .
In addition , I think that the settings are very reallistic and the actors had a great performance .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
I have one brother and one sister .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a quialified person for the post .
I enjoy this sport since I was a child , I always remember when my father and my brother teach me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player so I think that I inherited this love for the soccer .
When I arrived my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
We went to long island because there he lives .
He have a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " who looks just like me .
My uncle had the awesome idea of going to Niagara Falls .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she say they do not see me frecuently and many other part of my family .
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , these days where I worst during my life , he was dirty , speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will grant me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will not achieved when living in shared rooms .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by Black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
For example , Krishna et al. ( 2013 ) reports a case of continuous disturbing a woman from a man called Mr .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to rid of , such as bottles or papers .
She is able to do such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tito , who was the Roman emperor .
Needs to work my husband has been living in Zaandam , I want to find a new job in Holland to rejoin our family .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
It is just something that I had to do , not you , not her , me .
I had a part - time job as babby - sitter and I take care of my 11 years old brother very often .
Winnie loves eating very much so I can easily find much food at her home .
Adriana and I immediately came to her and held her up . '
I felt glad today although Winnie hurt herself .
As I told you before I ca n't afford to pay this trip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
But I wanna find a job to help him with the bills .
A girl was walking home one day .
She was with her mum ..
She was just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were going home when the girl noticed a cute doll in a shop .
She had blond hair and she was wearing a blue dress , white gloves and black shoes .
Just like her ... ''Mum I love this doll!Could you bye it for me ? '' she said .
Her mum could n't deny to her , so she bought it .
Oh!The girl had so many special moments with her doll!!They looked so adorable together!They were like twins !
After some years the girl decided that she had to move .
She was eighteen years old , she had to be indepedent .
So she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories .
At night she heard some creepy noises from there ...
She went there and thera was the doll with a knife in her hand.''Bell , why you do n't play with me anymore?Are you boring of me?Just because I have only one eye?But you removed me the other one .
Just because I do n't have one if my gloves?But you did it again!''she screamed .
Next day , going at her home her mum wanted to find her daughter .
So , she went upstairs ...
The girl had a knife in her kneck and on the wall there was a sentence,''Why did you leave me that way ? ''
In Italy , I attend school for waiter and cook , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurant .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls , but once I tried it , I loved it .
At first , when I started to play football I did it with my classmates , who where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , some years ago , they started to intergrate me when they play , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
Now , some women and I started to organize female matches , so I am more used to play with girls . I never imagine that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it takes part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
The service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and gentle .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than past , thanks to progress mankind has made in technology .
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag .Pupil could not say that he left a book because he has all books in his tablet computers
This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong after when she told him that she is pregnant .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he will be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when she told him that she is pregnant , he just frozen .
It was too much for him .
He thought it 's easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
He tried to understand what 's going on with him .
It was weird how many questions and doubts came up on his head .
One part of him was really happy , because to be a father is his one of the biggest dream , but on the other hand he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who stands next to him , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy and hug her and celebrate this good news .
But somehow he did n't feel anything .
All that he felt was anxiety .
He could n't handle the feeling , when she tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
He knew that she loves him as much as he loves her , but everything was just too wrong on this moment .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was to wrong on this moment .
She could n't understand what 's going on , because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he would like to have kids with her .
And now , he just avoids her and he is not happy about the news .
She was more than happy and he could n't handle this news .
They both knew that they love each other and they care about each other , but it was too much for him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needs a break and he have to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I stalked him and it seemed that this guy has a hump .
I stomp him and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
We were talking about this when a dog just came near ; it was adorable just when he converted into a big weird creature .
He bit my leg and it hurt a lot , we tried to alert the others but it was too late , it was the group or us .
In some ways that she robbed the food in the night and I wake up it was good for my survival .
On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy explain « - I prefer going in the car , it 's quicker ...
» says a 17 - 22 years old boy .
For example , if some woman you are acquainted wearing inappropriate clothes not fitting in the occasion .
People usually tend not telling her the truth since it could make her feelings .
Instead of doing so , people may praise her with other things on her .
In that case , they could still make conversions without boiling her mood .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he made a mistake .
Due to this , we're both called to meet the headmaster .
I could n't understood why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had closed the door .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he can gave me the answer I wanted .
Although , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we know even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
Also , I have a good relation with little kids , I use to look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . moreover I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
We were ready to go and find the others , we went outside the shelter we built and write in wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there is someone that needs supplies he would find some supplies and ammo to survive .
We start our journey and going in the forest , there was a lot of # pests on our way there were various guys that were sick we could n't do anything except for , keep going , I was seeing my little group to # diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants , I was the only one that had no problem with all the other stuff people had problems with .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I have to think about is it help the entire world or just save a group the decision was in my hands it was # conventional to help the entire world but I do n't want to die . while I was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in the group one of those guys we wanted to find and alive not dead his face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
The film starts by putting yourself in the flesh of the main character , which is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a cage and being transported to what it seems to be a camp .
He has no idea how he ended up there .
However , he soon realizes that this is not a normal camp , which is located next to a giant and mysterious maze .
He took the role of a runner , the people responsible for exploring the maze and look for an exit of this place .
The surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cosy , the waiters were very friendly and informative .
As I was eaten with my friend Moreno and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked Chianina beef , it was very tasty .
He is the eldest son of the Simpson family .
He has yellow skin and big eyes , he is blond and has gotspiky hair .
The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in his school , for this reason he is always misbehaving .
His parents and the school principal often punish him .
Bart is energetic and clever student but he is also a bad student and he hates nerds .
Although he is rather naughty , he has actually a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she needs him .
My concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my threshold yelled : " I have a letter for Mr. Samson !
At first , I had observed the letter cautiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
Although , I had n't met him a single time , this letter was his last will and I learned that I inherited a good deal of money .
I have worked one year in London as waiter in Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as waiter also in Barcomi 's Cafe in Berlin .
This whole business started to get on his nerves .
He has to deal with it , the sooner the better .
For now one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
The one he dates is Angelina , not Malika , that 's the problem .
He ca n't dump Angy just like that , they 've been friends for years .
She 's not bad .
And he has to put stop to this without hurting anybody .
He 'll break up with her .
The door of his room was opened , he came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light up a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having balls to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family and so on , but this is what happened .
At the moment he did n't realise that .
Only after , when Angelina left , Michael closed the door and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .
I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard .
Third day was one of my favourite , the place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel into the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with name of famous women and lovely drinks .
These first two chapters extracted from Great Expectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young boy known as Pip .
This kid has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and his own husband .
Moreover , he is just a regular kid with a terrible life .
He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
Also , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a kid who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
Obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , finally , like him .
At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .
The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .
Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech in just a few occasions referring to his own words .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answer the thief writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
Apart from this , he just writes exactly what the characters said .
He only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient power .
However , his power could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who stole him as man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuses on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and hers brother suffer and she is worries more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who live in her own house .
The narrator describes her as woman that has earned a good reputation being aggressive with her little brother .
And we know that Joe is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the only exception of the thief that talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
" My sister , Mrs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , and had established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
" Now lookee here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be let to live . You know
" Yes , sir . "
The narrator reveals not so much about him or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the text .
Probably , the thief will take Pip to an unwanted adventure that will make him growing up faster .
I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts , at the graveyard .
I would like to read a story without tale , just a regular man who died while he was learning to live .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She has been waiting so long for this day to come .
It was the day when she was going to meet her biological mother .
She knew she was adopted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
She did not feel bad about it because she loves her parents very much and she feels loved by them .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to her bilogical mother and why did she gave Anna away .
After finding the adoption papers she contacted the adotpion agency .
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her bilogical mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her the name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
A month passed by before she had the courage to dial that number .
She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
At the beginning Anna did not say anything , she could not utter any sound .
But then she said " hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't a simple boy , He was Felix !
So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
Then I went to him and he took a photo with me .
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life , asking him some questions and singing his songs .
When he left I was sad but also really happy .
The importance of working hard to achieve goalы and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
Dickens and the Bronte sisters use the same style : realistic style .
They are influenced by the surrounding in which they live : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
Their realism is different : in fact Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism in which he mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wish to portray , while the Bronte sisters use realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
Our lab works along with Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
Recently he has visited Moscow and while we 've been having conversation I 've mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on postdoc position abroad .
You can find work as a waiter or in a shop .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
Plus , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on new challenges so he transferred to the sales department two years ago .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
Yet , oftentimes , being overly respectful may play against him and although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership for other people 's mistakes .
My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
A dog is man 's best friend
So if someone really loves their pet , they would find time to pay lot of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's best friend .
My mother had written me after months !
Since she left to Paris last year I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , what made me feel really depressed .
But I had her letter at last , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
I had never travelled to Europe yet so I was really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
You must be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate and he has to catch it .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a pre - intermediate level of Italian as well .
Set in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Ham who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .
When the dragon Chrysophylax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
At the end of the story , Giles becomes an independent king .
The first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this friction , the author invited us know what inside the madman 's mind .
How does the author create a word of horror to his readers ?
Just like the madman 's plan was happening right in front us .
In the first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
The second time when madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane , in the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is his intonation .
The whole story except the end of the friction he confessed the crime , the madman 's used the intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found there " , Max told to his friends one sunny afternoon .
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , acroos the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max said aloud .
Max cut a piece of his T - shirt to cure the animal .
When the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life."What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just opened with lower prices and good service .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it will mean .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use of your native language skills once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
The two - day one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
She stands up for a global deal confirmed on the UN summit by the leading states and therefore these climate targets should be a role - model for other countries .
Even when I was a kid I started playing with boys of much higher age than me .
I am fan of his batting .
He has broken almost every record in cricket history .
Apart from his cricketing skills I loved his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket I will advise him to watch batting of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : What is on my Bucket List ?
About two weeks before I met him I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our stars " .
Outside stood the most extraordinary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriends .
She came down , but she did not scream .
Instead she started crying .
The man as it turned out was my father , who had been missing for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still alive .
Mother had always told me he had died in the war .
I think she did this for my own good .
I was very bemused by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or not .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
It was very odd to see him in my home .
During the tour the visitors are shown several room and apartaments , as well as Royal Private Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Polish ' kings collection .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
A magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to perform the trick .
As I said adolescents could be very confused and if there 's a thing that get under our skinn is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite one .
Nowadays , you can still see some fishermen fishing on the seashore .
On the one hand , there is what remains standing of edificatications that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen save from storms .
Anyone can use the nearest car he or she sees .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt he still faces serious consequences in later life diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing , even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence now has Alzheimer disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
In the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although the mother 's in The Joy Luck Club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the US government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arranged marriage in The Color Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Water for Chocolate .
For example when Candide is forced to join the Bulgar army he is beaten almost to death but Candide does not concern himself because he know it is for his own good - in fact later in the book he uses his training to become a soldier .
Although this would seem to be good it is not because of his training he kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweethearts brother .
Voltaire show his dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Candide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only three survivors , Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
This is no more true than when he arrives in the new world , South America , and has to leave his darling Cunégonde with the Commissioner of the province .
Candide can not see what possible good can come of this especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he embraces Cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldorado but leaves- the list continues .
Candide 's life is governed by his belief the good will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Cunégonde but she is not the beautiful young flower that he once loved .
She has become ugly and grew worse by the day .
Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course in the end he does get Cunégonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
Whenever necessary , she has allied herself to European powers , such as in times of war of extreme distrust .
Britain has been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , but throughout history , she has been more concerned with her oversees empires than with anywhere else .
In the latter half century though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolated sovereignty it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
Of course Britain would lose her sovereignty , as would the other nations of the union .
The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not been to lead Britain into a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
Firstly , was Europe 's realization of her own weakness , after having lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
Two men , one ring , only one can leave . Dramatic it may be but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head his brain moves vigorously inside his skull .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can end his career with brain damage .
The sport to say the least is actually a blood sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank he believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form , he says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out but to win on points differences and to give Chris Eubank his just respect most of his fights have been won on points .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference why boxing should be banned , the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition out ) .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
I have yet to hear any boxer regret his choice of career .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport would be leading the protests againt boxing .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became the Heavyweight champion of the world , yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
Some had been executed -- I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hungary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
I had asked him once if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he left --
He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life there -- Even though I had lost touch with this classmate , her father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany --
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and even the less overt corners of our lives .
There is however a more dangerous threat from computers , it is that they can do the work for man .
Computers may be the future but what part will man have in this future .
The fundamental flaw in saying scientists must bear the major burden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , anything above the mud hut ' existence .
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the sperm from the father .
Once fertilisation has occured the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mothers womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
Normally more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccesful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a succesful pregnancy .
Women who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with invitro fertilisation .
Through no fault of her own she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair in helping her to have children .
1 . Fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal women .
Last year there was a case of a post menopausal woman who by lying about her age was given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .
There should be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the mother and not from dead , foetuses .
This is when an egg is removed from a woman placed in a test tube and then sperm is placed in to the test tube and the egg and sperm fuse together .
The test tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the fetous is formed , the baby is then inserted back in to the mother .
An in vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel apart of her , this would not happen if the couple adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby .
Nature has already taken its course to tell her she is too old to have any children so why should she have one implanted into her .
It is not fair on the child because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
Also the mother may die of old age before the child has led a full life and this would be unfair to the child .
The child may also have to look after the mother in her old age .
The women has 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and a Y - chromosomes .
If the mother wants a boy Y sperm is selected and if a girl X is selected .
Also what happens if most people the year you are born are men and you are a woman , this would be the unpopular sex .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that man is better at diagnosing CJD now than ever before .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) he or she is entitled to it .
A rather hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary then it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
I agree that in the past women have had problems with societies role of what they are expected to do in the work place and at home .
Women have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed with the same job for a man verses a woman doing the same job .
Gone is the age that the woman is required to stay home .
Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay home do it because they want to .
A lot of what has changed women 's roles is the feminists .
These are groups of people that have defended women over the years .
These people have shown the modern world what women in the work place can do .
The problem is that these feminists have not looked at all women .
Some women were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What happens is that all women have to go along with these feminists rules .
An example is military women wanting to serve in combat positions when at war .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
Women just ca n't fight in a war very well .
They feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones .
Other women , though , are glad that the rule in the United States stands as it does .
Many women believe that they are the victims .
They are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
There are some things that women can do better than men and there are some things that men can do better than women .
More and more office jobs are being filled by the woman but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
Divorce is at fifty percent and rising , women are having more heart attacks , being more stressful , and kids are being more neglected .
Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if this is not for them .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and running a lot more companies .
Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended they to do ...
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Women 's Liberation has been met with adamant , and often obstinate oppostion .
From the very beginning the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it was again destined for failure .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
Women supporting equal pay for women and and other " liberal " causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the bra - burning , anti - shaving leaders of the 1970s .
For so many years the good that feminists have promote for women has fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. radical ideas .
Also , when Ryan White , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Ted Turner revolutionized the use of the satellite , with his creation of CNN , the round - the - clock , round - the - world news station .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the form that is still most familiar to us today : The Atomic bomb .
Write your local congressman .
Another " discovery " of this past century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have the woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
Even today , the woman is still only earning something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we use helps to form the image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women are seen for who they truly are .
Only when women have achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the discovery will have been completed .
My father has the same program in his computer and is able to buy on line tickets w / out leaving the house and moreover w / out picking up the phone .
Unfortunately these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem the good guy always wins , and always lives thru dangerous situations .
At the dawn of time , cave men cooked animal flesh over open fires .
Flame , the source of life , always used to prepare the fool of mankind throughout History .
She sits in front of it all day and it keeps her happy .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all these regulations and followed them in his literature .
In Candide Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues his tale with style after telling of his beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until he reencounters the Baron later in his travels .
He attracts the hippocracy of the Church in the old woman 's father being the Pope .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of the Baron , who came from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentilesse .
Candide and his companions dine with 6 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
In his portrayal of the utopian society of Eldorado , Voltaire toils the imperfections of our society .
He is prejudice toward Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He adopted white attitudes against minorities in the different regions he has lived in .
In many cases the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
The most violent cartoons are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudd .